<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-PGI_1-104"
            outputclass="4"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">1-104</ph> General policies.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) The identification, selection, and screening of parts for breakout shall be made as early as possible to determine the technical and economic considerations of the opportunities for breakout to competition or direct purchase. Full and open competition is the preferred result of breakout screening.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) A part shall be made a candidate for breakout screening based on its cost effectiveness for breakout. Resources should be assigned and priority given to those parts with the greatest expected return given their annual buy value, life cycle buy value, and likelihood of successful breakout, given technical characteristics such as design and performance stability. Consideration of all such factors is necessary to ensure the maximum return on investment in a given breakout program. Occasionally, an item will not meet strict economic considerations for breakout, but action may be required due to other considerations to avoid overpricing situations. Accordingly, there is no minimum DoD threshold for breakout screening actions. DoD components and field activities will develop annual buy thresholds for breakout screening that are consistent with economic considerations and resources. Every effort should be made to complete the full screening of parts that are expected to be subsequently replenished as they enter the inventory.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) Breakout improvement efforts shall continue through the life cycle of a part to improve its breakout status (see 2-203) or until such time as the part is coded 1G, 2G, 1K, 2K, 1M, 2M, 1N, 2N, 1T, 2T, 1Z, or 2Z.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d) No firm shall be denied the opportunity to demonstrate its ability to furnish a part that meets the Government's needs, without regard to a part's annual buy value, where a restrictive AMC/AMSC is assigned (see <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 9.202</ph>). A firm must clearly demonstrate, normally at its own expense, that it can satisfy the Government's requirements. The Government shall make a vigorous effort to expedite its evaluation of such demonstration and to furnish a decision to the demonstrating firm within a reasonable period of time. If a resolution cannot be made within 60 days, the offeror must be advised of the status of the request and be provided with a good faith estimate of the date the evaluation will be completed. Every reasonable effort shall be made to complete the review before a subsequent acquisition is made. Also, restrictive codes and low annual buy value do not preclude consideration of a surplus dealer or other nonmanufacturing source when the part offered was manufactured by an approved source (see <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 11.302</ph>). A potential surplus dealer or other nonmanufacturing source must provide the Government with all the necessary evidence that proves the proposed part meets the Government's requirements.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e) The experience and knowledge accrued by contractors in the development, design, manufacture and test of equipment may enhance the breakout decision making process. DoD activities may obtain technical information from contractors when it is considered requisite to an informed coding decision. The procedure for contracting for this information is provided in Part 4 of this document. Contractor's technical information will be designated by CTICs. Only DoD activities shall assign AMCs and AMSCs.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(f) DoD activities with breakout screening responsibilities shall develop, document, and advertise programs that promote the development of qualified sources for parts that are currently being purchased sole source. These programs should provide fair and reasonable technical assistance (engineering or other technical data, parts on bailment, etc.) to contractors who prove they have potential for becoming a qualified second source for an item. These programs should also provide specially tailored incentives to successful firms so as to stimulate their investment in becoming qualified, e.g., Government furnished equipment (GFE) or Government furnished material (GFM) for reverse engineering and technical data package review and assistance.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(g) Departments and agencies shall identify the engineering support activity, design control activity, actual manufacturer, and prime contractor for each part such that the information is readily available to breakout and acquisition personnel.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
