<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-PGI_2-202"
            outputclass="4"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">2-202</ph> Assignment of codes.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">The purpose of AMC/AMSC assignments is to provide the best possible technical assessment of how a part can be acquired. The technical assessment should not be based on issues such as: are the known sources actual manufacturers, or are there two actual manufacturers in existence; but rather on factors such as the availability of adequate technical data, the Government's rights to use the data, technical restrictions placed on the hardware (criticality, reliability, special testing, master tooling, source approval, etc.) and the cost to breakout vice projected savings. In cases where there is additional technical information that affects the way a part can be acquired, it should be made available to the contracting officer, with the AMC/AMSC. Concerning the assignment of AMCs and AMSCs, it is DoD policy that—</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) The assignment of AMC/AMSCs to parts is the responsibility of the DoD component introducing the equipment or system for which the parts are needed in the inventory. Subsequent screening is the responsibility of the DoD component assigned technical responsibility.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) When two or more AMSCs apply, the most technically restrictive code will be assigned.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) Restricted combinations of AMC/AMSCs are reflected in the AMSC definitions. The Defense Logistics Information Service will reject invalid code combinations, as shown in Exhibit I, submitted for entry into the Federal catalog program (see 2-204.2).</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d) One-time acquisition of a part by a method other than indicated by the code does not require a change to the AMC (e.g., when only one of a number of sources can meet a short delivery date, or when only one manufacturing source is known but acceptable surplus parts are available from other sources).</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e) After the first acquisition under AMC 2 or 4, the AMC shall be recoded 1 or 3 respectively.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(f) Both full and limited screening will result in the assignment or reassignment of an AMC/AMSC. This assignment shall be based on the best technical judgment of breakout personnel and on information gathered during the screening process.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(g) A part need not be coded as noncompetitive based on an initial market survey that only uncovers one interested source. If the Government has sufficient technical data in its possession to enable other sources to manufacture an acceptable part, and there are no technical restrictions on the part that would preclude other sources from manufacturing it, the part should be coded competitive.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
