<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-PGI_2-201.1"
            outputclass="5"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">2-201.1</ph> Acquisition method codes.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">The following codes shall be assigned by DoD activities to describe the results of the spare parts breakout screening:</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">AMC 0</i>. The part was not assigned AMC 1 through 5 when it entered the inventory, nor has it ever completed screening. Use of this code is sometimes necessary but discouraged. Maximum effort to determine the applicability of an alternate AMC is the objective. This code will never be used to recode a part that already has AMC 1 through 5 assigned, and shall never be assigned as a result of breakout screening. Maximum effort to determine the applicability of AMC 1 through 5 is the objective.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">AMC 1.</i> Suitable for competitive acquisition for the second or subsequent time.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">AMC 2.</i> Suitable for competitive acquisition for the first time.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">AMC 3.</i> Acquire, for the second or subsequent time, directly from the actual manufacturer.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">AMC 4.</i> Acquire, for the first time, directly from the actual manufacturer.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(f) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">AMC 5.</i> Acquire directly from a sole source contractor which is not the actual manufacturer.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
