<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_2-201.3"
            outputclass="5"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">2-201.3</ph> Contractor technical information codes.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">The following two-digit alpha codes shall be used by contractors, when contractor's assistance is requested. These codes are assigned in accordance with the current version of MIL-STD-789 and shall be considered during the initial assignment of an AMC/AMSC. For spare parts breakout, requirements for contractor assistance through CTIC submission shall be accomplished as stated in Part 4 of this document. Each CTIC submitted by a contractor must be accompanied by supporting documentation that justifies the proposed code. These codes and supporting documentation, transmitted by DD Form 1418, Contractor Technical Information Record, and DD Form 1418-1, Technical Data Identification Checklist, are useful not only for code assignment during acquisition coding conferences, but also for personnel conducting both full and limited screening of breakout candidates. Personnel conducting full and limited screening of breakout candidates should use the supporting documentation provided with CTICs as a source of information. However, they should not allow this information to substitute for careful analysis and further investigation of the possibilities of acquiring a part through competition or by direct purchase. The definitions for CTICs are—</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">CTIC CB.</i> Source(s) are specified on source control, altered item, or selected item drawings/documents. (The contractor shall furnish a list of the sources with this code.)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">CTIC CC.</i> Requires engineering source approval by the design control activity in order to maintain the quality of the part. An alternate source must qualify in accordance with the design control activity's procedures, as approved by the cognizant Government engineering activity.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">CTIC CG.</i> There are no technical restrictions to competition.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">CTIC CK.</i> Produced from class 1 castings (see the current version of MIL-STD-2175) and similar type forgings. The process of developing and proving the acceptability of high-integrity castings and forgings requires repetitive performance by a controlled source. Each casting or forging must be produced along identical lines to those that resulted in initial acceptability of the part. (The contractor shall furnish a list of known sources for obtaining castings/forgings with this code.)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">CTIC CM.</i> Master or coordinated tooling is required to produce this part. This tooling is not owned by the Government or, where owned, cannot be made available to other sources. (The contractor shall furnish a list of the firms possessing the master or coordinated tooling with this code.)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(f) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">CTIC CN.</i> Requires special test and/or inspection facilities to determine and maintain ultra-precision quality for function or system integrity. Substantiation and inspection of the precision or quality cannot be accomplished without such specialized test or inspection facilities. Other sources in industry do not possess, nor would it be economically feasible for them to acquire facilities. (The contractor shall furnish a list of the required facilities and their locations with this code.)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(g) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">CTIC CP.</i> The rights to use the data needed to purchase this part from additional sources are not owned by the Government and cannot be purchased.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(h) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">CTIC CV.</i> A high reliability part under a formal reliability program. Probability of failure would be unacceptable from the standpoint of safety of personnel and/or equipment. The cognizant engineering activity has determined that data to define and control reliability limits cannot be obtained nor is it possible to draft adequate specifications for this purpose. Continued control by the existing source is necessary to ensure acceptable reliability. (The contractor shall identify the existing source with this code.)</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">CTIC CY.</i> The design of this part is unstable. Engineering, manufacturing, or performance characteristics indicate that the required design objectives have not been achieved. Major changes are contemplated because the part has a low process yield or has demonstrated marginal performance during tests or service use. These changes will render the present part obsolete and unusable in its present configuration. Limited acquisition from the present source is anticipated pending configuration changes. (The contractor shall identify the existing source with this code.)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
