<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_201.304"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">201.304</ph> Agency control and compliance procedures.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">Departments and agencies and their component organizations may issue acquisition regulations as necessary to implement or supplement the FAR or DFARS.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)(i) Approval of the USD(A<ph rev="Revised October 30, 2023">&amp;S</ph>) is required before including in a department/agency or component supplement, or any other contracting regulation document such as a policy letter or clause book, any policy, procedure, clause, or form that—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  Has a significant effect beyond the internal operating procedures of the agency; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  Has a significant cost or administrative impact on contractors or offerors.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Except as provided in paragraph (2) of this section, the USD(A<ph rev="Revised October 30, 2023">&amp;S</ph>) has delegated authority to the <ph rev="Revised October 30, 2023">Principal</ph> Director of Defense <ph rev="Revised October 30, 2023">Pricing and Contracting (DPC)</ph> to approve or disapprove the policies, procedures, clauses, and forms subject to paragraph (1)(i) of this section.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  In accordance with 41 U.S.C. 1304, a new requirement for a certification by a contractor or offeror may not be included in a department/agency or component procurement regulation unless—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  The certification requirement is specifically imposed by statute; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Written justification for such certification is provided to the Secretary of Defense by USD(A<ph rev="Revised October 30, 2023">&amp;S</ph>), and the Secretary of Defense approves in writing the inclusion of such certification requirement.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  Contracting activities must obtain the appropriate approval (see 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-201.404"
                  href="201.404.dita#DFARS_201.404"
                  xtrc="201.404">201.404</xref>
            ) for any class deviation (as defined in FAR Subpart 1.4) from the FAR or DFARS, before its inclusion in a department/agency or component supplement or any other contracting regulation document such as a policy letter or clause book.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) Each department and agency must develop and, upon approval by OUSD(A<ph rev="Revised October 30, 2023">&amp;S</ph>)DP<ph rev="Revised October 30, 2023">C</ph>, implement, maintain, and comply with a plan for controlling the use of clauses other than those prescribed by FAR or DFARS. Additional information on department and agency clause control plan requirements is available at PGI <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_201.304"
                  href="PGI_201.304.dita#DFARS_PGI_201.304"
                  xtrc="201.304">201.304</xref> (4).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5) Departments and agencies must submit requests for the Secretary of Defense, USD(A<ph rev="Revised October 30, 2023">&amp;S</ph>), and OUSD(A<ph rev="Revised October 30, 2023">&amp;S</ph>)DPA<ph rev="Revised October 30, 2023">C</ph> approvals required by this section through the Director of the DAR Council. Procedures for requesting approval of department and agency clauses are provided at PGI <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_201.304"
                  href="PGI_201.304.dita#DFARS_PGI_201.304"
                  xtrc="201.304">201.304</xref> (5).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6) The <ph rev="Revised October 30, 2023">Principal Director, DPC publishes changes to the DFARS in the <i>Federal Register</i> at https://www.federalregister.gov and on the DPC website at <xref href="https://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/change_notices.html"
                     format="html"
                     scope="external"> https://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/change_notices.html</xref>. </ph> Each change includes an effective date. Unless guidance accompanying a change states otherwise, contracting officers must include any new or revised clauses, provisions, or forms in solicitations issued on or after the effective date of the change.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
