<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-203.903"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">203.903</ph> Policy.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Prohibition</i>.  10 U.S.C. 2409 prohibits contractors and subcontractors from discharging, demoting, or otherwise discriminating against an employee as a reprisal for disclosing, to any of the entities listed at paragraph (3) of this section, information that the employee reasonably believes is evidence of gross mismanagement of a DoD contract, a gross waste of DoD funds, an abuse of authority relating to a DoD contract, a violation of law, rule, or regulation related to a DoD contract (including the competition for or negotiation of a contract), or a substantial and specific danger to public health or safety.  Such reprisal is prohibited even if it is undertaken at the request of an executive branch official, unless the request takes the form of a non-discretionary directive and is within the authority of the executive branch official making the request.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Classified information</i>.  As provided in section 827(h) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013, nothing in this subpart provides any rights to disclose classified information not otherwise provided by law.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Entities to whom disclosure may be made</i>:</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  A Member of Congress or a representative of a committee of Congress.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  An Inspector General that receives funding from or has oversight over contracts awarded for or on behalf of DoD.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii)  The Government Accountability Office.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv)  A DoD employee responsible for contract oversight or management. </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(v)  An authorized official of the Department of Justice or other law enforcement agency.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vi)  A court or grand jury.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vii)  A management official or other employee of the contractor or subcontractor who has the responsibility to investigate, discover, or address misconduct.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Disclosure clarified.</i>  An employee who initiates or provides evidence of contractor or subcontractor misconduct in any judicial or administrative proceeding relating to waste, fraud, or abuse on a DoD contract shall be deemed to have made a disclosure.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Contracting officer actions</i>.  A contracting officer who receives a complaint of reprisal of the type described in paragraph (1) of this section shall forward it to legal counsel or to the appropriate party in accordance with agency procedures.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
