<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-204.1603"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">204.1603</ph> Procedures.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Elements of a PIID.</i>  DoD-issued PIIDs are thirteen characters in length.  Use only alpha-numeric characters, as prescribed in FAR 4.1603 and this subpart.  Do not use the letter I or O in any part of the PIID.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Position 9.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  DoD will use three of the letters reserved for departmental or agency use in FAR 4.1603(a)(3) in this position as follows:</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>)  Use M to identify purchase orders and task or delivery orders issued by the enterprise FedMall system.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>)  Use S to identify broad agency announcements.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>)  Use T to identify automated requests for quotations by authorized legacy contract writing systems.  See PGI 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_204.1603"
                  href="PGI_204.1603.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_204.1603"
                  xtrc="204.1603">PGI 204.1603</xref>
            (a)(3)(A)(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>) for the list of authorized systems.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  Do not use other letters identified in FAR 4.1603(a)(3) as “Reserved for future Federal Governmentwide use” or “Reserved for departmental or agency use” in position 9 of the PIID.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C)  Do not use the letter C or H for contracts or agreements with provisions for orders or calls.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Positions 10 through 17.</i>  In accordance with FAR 4.1603(a)(4), DoD-issued PIIDs shall only use positions 10 through 13 to complete the PIID.  Enter the serial number of the instrument in these positions.  A separate series of serial numbers may be used for any type of instrument listed in FAR 4.1603(a)(3).  DoD components assign such series of PIID numbers sequentially.  A DoD component may reserve blocks of numbers or alpha-numeric numbers for use by its various activities.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Elements of a supplementary PIID.</i>  In addition to the supplementary PIID numbering procedures in FAR 4.1603(b), follow the procedures contained in paragraphs (b)(2)(ii)(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) and (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) of this section.  See PGI 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_204.1603"
                  href="PGI_204.1603.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_204.1603"
                  xtrc="204.1603">PGI 204.1603</xref>
            (b) for examples of proper supplementary PIID numbering.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)(ii)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Positions 2 through 6.</i>  In accordance with FAR 4.1603(b)(2)(ii), DoD-issued supplementary PIIDs shall, for positions 2 through 6 of modifications to contracts and agreements, comply with the following:</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Positions 2 and 3</i>.  These two digits may be either alpha or numeric characters, except—</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">i</i>)  Use K, L, M, N, P, and Q only in position 2, and only if the modification is issued by the Air Force and is a provisioned item order;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ii</i>)  Use S only in position 2, and only to identify modifications issued to provide initial or amended shipping instructions when—</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">a</i>)  The contract has either FOB origin or destination delivery terms; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">b</i>)  The price changes;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">iii</i>)  Use T, U, V, W, X, or Y only in position 2, and only to identify modifications issued to provide initial or amended shipping instructions when—</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">a</i>)  The contract has FOB origin delivery terms; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">b</i>)  The price does not change; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">iv</i>)  Use Z only in position 2, and only to identify a modification which definitizes a letter contract or a previously issued undefinitized modification.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Positions 4 through 6</i>.  These positions are always numeric.  Use a separate series of serial numbers for each type of modification listed in paragraph (b)(2)(ii) of this section.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
