<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_204.7101" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">204.7101</ph> Definitions.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Accounting classification reference number (ACRN)” means any combination of a two position alpha/numeric code used as a method of relating the accounting classification citation to detailed line item information contained in the schedule.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Attachment” means any documentation, appended to a contract or incorporated by reference, which does not establish a requirement for deliverables.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Definitized item,” as used in this subpart, means an item for which a firm price has been established in the basic contract or by modification.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Exhibit” means a document, referred to in a contract, which is attached and establishes requirements for deliverables.  The term shall not be used to refer to any other kind of attachment to a contract.  The DD Form 1423, Contract Data Requirements List, is always an exhibit, rather than an attachment.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Nonseverable deliverable,” as used in this subpart, means a deliverable item that is a single end product or undertaking, entire in nature, that cannot be feasibly subdivided into discrete elements or phases without losing its identity.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Undefinitized item,” as used in this subpart, means an item for which a price has not been established in the basic contract or by modification.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
