<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-204.1601"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">204.1601</ph> Policy.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Establishment of a Procurement Instrument Identifier (PIID).</i>  Do not reuse a PIID once it has been assigned.  Do not assign the same PIID to more than one task or delivery order, even if they are issued under different base contracts or agreements.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Transition of PIID numbering.</i>  Effective October 1, 2016, all DoD components shall comply with the PIID numbering requirements of FAR subpart 4.16 and this subpart for all new solicitations, contracts, orders, and agreements issued, and any amendments and modifications to those new actions.  See also PGI 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_204.1601"
                  href="PGI_204.1601.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_204.1601"
                  xtrc="204.1601">PGI 204.1601</xref>
            (b).</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Change in the PIID after its assignment.</i>  When a PIID is changed after contract award, the new PIID is known as a continued contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  A continued contract—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  Does not constitute a new procurement;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  Incorporates all prices, terms, and conditions of the predecessor contract effective at the time of issuance of the continued contract;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C)  Operates as a separate contract independent of the predecessor contract once issued; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D)  Shall not be used to evade competition requirements, expand the scope of work, or extend the period of performance beyond that of the predecessor contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  When issuing a continued contract, the contracting officer shall—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  Issue an administrative modification to the predecessor contract to clearly state that—</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>)  Any future awards provided for under the terms of the predecessor contract (e.g<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">.</i>, issuance of orders or exercise of options) will be accomplished under the continued contract; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>)  Supplies and services already acquired under the predecessor contract shall remain solely under that contract for purposes of Government inspection, acceptance, payment, and closeout; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  Follow the procedures at PGI 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_204.1601"
                  href="PGI_204.1601.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_204.1601"
                  xtrc="204.1601">PGI 204.1601</xref>
            (c).</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
