<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept id="DFARS_204.7501" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title " rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> 
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">204.7501</ph> Definitions.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised November 10, 2025">As used in this subpart—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> “Controlled unclassified information” means information the Government creates or possesses, or information an entity creates or possesses for or on behalf of the Government, that a law, regulation, or Governmentwide policy requires or permits an agency to handle using safeguarding or dissemination controls (32 CFR 2002.4(h)).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised November 10, 2025">“Current” means—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> (1) With regard to Conditional Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) Status—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> (i) Not older than 180 days for Conditional Level 2 (Self) assessments and Conditional Level 2 (certified third-party assessment organization (C3PAO)) assessments, with—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List4"
            rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> (A) No changes in compliance with the requirements at 32 CFR part 170 since the Conditional CMMC Status date (see 32 CFR 170.16 and 170.17); and</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List4"
            rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> (B) A corresponding affirmation of continuous compliance by an affirming official (see 32 CFR 170.4); and</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> (ii) Not older than 180 days for Conditional Level 3 (Defense Industrial Base Cybersecurity Assessment Center (DIBCAC)) assessments, with—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List4"
            rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> (A) No changes in compliance with the requirements at 32 CFR part 170 since the Conditional CMMC Status date (see 32 CFR 170.18); and</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List4"
            rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> (B) A corresponding affirmation of continuous compliance by an affirming official;</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> (2) With regard to Final CMMC Status—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> (i) Not older than 1 year for Final Level 1 (Self), with—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List4"
            rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> (A) No changes in compliance with the requirements at 32 CFR part 170 since the Final CMMC Status date (see 32 CFR 170.15); and</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List4"
            rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> (B) A corresponding affirmation of continuous compliance, not older than 1 year, by an affirming official;</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> (ii) Not older than 3 years for Final Level 2 (Self) assessments and Final Level 2 (C3PAO) assessments, with—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List4"
            rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> (A) No changes in compliance with the requirements at 32 CFR part 170 since the Final CMMC Status date (see 32 CFR 170.16 and 170.17); and</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List4"
            rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> (B) A corresponding affirmation of continuous compliance, not older than 1 year, by an affirming official; and</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> (iii) Not older than 3 years for Final Level 3 (DIBCAC) assessments, with—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List4"
            rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> (A) No changes in compliance with the requirements at 32 CFR part 170 since the Final CMMC Status date (see 32 CFR 170.18); and</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List4"
            rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> (B) A corresponding affirmation of continuous compliance, not older than 1 year, by an affirming official; and</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> (3) With regard to affirmation of continuous compliance (32 CFR 170.22), not older than 1 year with no changes in compliance with the requirements at 32 CFR part 170.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised November 10, 2025">“Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) status” means the result of meeting or exceeding the minimum required score for the corresponding assessment. The potential statuses are as follows:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> (1) Final Level 1 (Self).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> (2) Conditional Level 2 (Self).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> (3) Final Level 2 (Self).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> (4) Conditional Level 2 (C3PAO).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> (5) Final Level 2 (C3PAO).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> (6) Conditional Level 3 (DIBCAC).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> (7) Final Level 3 (DIBCAC).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> “Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification unique identifier (CMMC UID)” means 10 alpha-numeric characters assigned to each CMMC assessment and reflected in theSupplier Performance Risk System (SPRS) for each contractor information system.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> “Federal contract information (FCI)” means information, not intended for public release, that is provided by or generated for the Government under a contract to develop or deliver a product or service to the Government. It does not include information provided by the Government to the public, such as on public websites, or simple transactional information, such as information necessary to process payments.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
