<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS_204.2103"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">204.2103</ph> Procedures.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Representations.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)(i) If the offeror selects “does not” in response to the provision at DFARS <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-252.204-7016"
                  href="252.204-7016.dita#DFARS_252.204-7016">252.204-7016</xref>, the contracting officer may rely on the representation, unless the contracting officer has an independent reason to question the representation. If the contracting officer has a reason to question the “does not” representation in FAR 52.204-26, FAR 52.212-3(v), or <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-252.204-7016"
                  href="252.204-7016.dita#DFARS_252.204-7016">252.204-7016</xref>, then the contracting officer shall consult with the requiring activity and legal counsel.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) If the offeror selects “does” in paragraph (c) of the provision at DFARS <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-252.204-7016"
                  href="252.204-7016.dita#DFARS_252.204-7016">252.204-7016</xref>, the offeror must complete the representation at DFARS <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-252.204-7017"
                  href="252.204-7017.dita#DFARS_252.204-7017">252.204-7017</xref>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)(i) If the offeror selects “will not” in paragraph (d) of the provision at DFARS <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-252.204-7017"
                  href="252.204-7017.dita#DFARS_252.204-7017">252.204-7017</xref>, the contracting officer may rely on the representation, unless the contracting officer has an independent reason to question the representation. If the contracting officer has a reason to question the “will not” representation in FAR 52.204-24 or DFARS <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-252.204-7017"
                  href="252.204-7017.dita#DFARS_252.204-7017">252.204-7017</xref>, then the contracting officer shall consult with the requiring activity and legal counsel.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) If an offeror selects “will” in paragraph (d) of the provision at DFARS <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-252.204-7017"
                  href="252.204-7017.dita#DFARS_252.204-7017">252.204-7017</xref>, the offeror must provide the information required by paragraph (e) of the provision. When an offeror completes paragraph (e) of either of the provisions at FAR 52.204-24 or DFARS <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-252.204-7017"
                  href="252.204-7017.dita#DFARS_252.204-7017">252.204-7017</xref>, the contracting officer shall -</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Forward the offeror's representation and disclosure information to the requiring activity; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Not award to the offeror unless the requiring activity advises -</p>
         <p outputclass="List5" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) For equipment, systems, or services that use covered telecommunications equipment or services as a substantial or essential component of any system, or as critical technology as part of any system, that a waiver as described at FAR 4.2104 has been granted; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List5" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) For equipment, systems, or services to be used to carry out covered missions that use covered defense telecommunications equipment or services as a substantial or essential component of any system, or as critical technology as part of any system, that a waiver as described at DFARS <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-204.2104"
                  href="204.2104.dita#DFARS_204.2104">204.2104</xref> has been granted.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Reporting.</i> If a contractor reports information to <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">https://dibnet.dod.mil</i> in accordance with the clause at FAR 52.204-25 or DFARS <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-252.204-7018"
                  href="252.204-7018.dita#DFARS_252.204-7018">252.204-7018</xref>, the Defense Cyber Crime Center will notify the contracting officer, who will consult with the requiring activity on how to proceed with the contract.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
