<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept id="DFARS_204.7502" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title " rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> 
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">204.7502</ph> Policy.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1">
            <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1">(a) <ph class="- topic/ph " rev="Revised November 10, 2025">Award eligibility.</ph>
            </p>
            <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> (1) The contracting officer shall include in the solicitation the required CMMC level, if provided by <ph class="- topic/ph " rev="Revised November 10, 2025">the program office or</ph> the requiring activity.</p>
            <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> (2) Contracting officers shall not award a contract, task order, or delivery order to an offeror that does not have a current CMMC <ph class="- topic/ph " rev="Revised November 10, 2025">status </ph>at the <ph class="- topic/ph " rev="Revised November 10, 2025">CMMC </ph>level required by the solicitation.</p>
            <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> (3) Contractors are required to achieve, at time of award, a CMMC <ph class="- topic/ph " rev="Revised November 10, 2025">status</ph> at the <ph class="- topic/ph " rev="Revised November 10, 2025">CMMC</ph> level specified in the solicitation<ph class="- topic/ph " rev="Revised November 10, 2025">, or higher, for all information systems used in the performance of the contract, task order, or delivery order that will process, store, or transmit FCI or CUI</ph>. Contractors are required to maintain a current CMMC <ph class="- topic/ph " rev="Revised November 10, 2025">status</ph> at the specified <ph class="- topic/ph " rev="Revised November 10, 2025">CMMC</ph> level <ph class="- topic/ph " rev="Revised November 10, 2025">or higher</ph>, if required by the <ph class="- topic/ph " rev="Revised November 10, 2025">contract, task order, or delivery order</ph>, throughout the life of the contract, task order, or delivery order.</p>
            <p class="- topic/p "
               rev="Revised November 10, 2025"
               outputclass="List1"> (b) CMMC status.</p>
            <p class="- topic/p "
               outputclass="List2"
               rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> (1) Contracting officers may award a contract, task order, delivery order, or modification to exercise an option or extend a period of performance, if the offeror’s or contractor’s CMMC status is—</p>
            <p class="- topic/p "
               outputclass="List3"
               rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> (i) Listed in the definition of “CMMC status”; and</p>
            <p class="- topic/p "
               outputclass="List3"
               rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> (ii) Equal to or higher than the CMMC level required by the solicitation or contract, task order, or delivery order.</p>
            <p class="- topic/p "
               outputclass="List2"
               rev="Revised November 10, 2025"> (2) CMMC levels 2 and 3 can be in a conditional level for a period not to exceed 180 days from the CMMC status date (32 CFR 170.21), and award can occur with a conditional CMMC level. CMMC level 1 requires a final CMMC level for award.</p>
         </p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
