<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept id="DFARS_204.1703" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         204.1703 
         Reporting requirements.
      </title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p id="jPNvgc" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">
            (a) Thresholds. Service contractor
reporting of information is required in the System for Award Management
(SAM) when a contract or order—
         </p>
         <p id="kTbZOa" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">
            (i)
Has a total estimated value, including options, that exceeds $3
million; and
         </p>
         <p id="pwCZFQ" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">
            (ii)
Is for services in the following service acquisition portfolio groups
(see PGI 204.1703 for a list of applicable product and service codes):
         </p>
         <p id="lrlOkk" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">
            (A)
Logistics management services.
         </p>
         <p id="QvflkK" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">
            (B)
Equipment-related services.
         </p>
         <p id="pISYOz" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">
            (C)
Knowledge-based services.
         </p>
         <p id="KgPYmp" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">
            (D)
Electronics and communications services.
         </p>
         <p id="LcKYhb" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">
            (b)
Agency reporting responsibilities. In the event the agency believes
that revisions to the contractor-reported information are warranted,
the agency shall notify the contractor.
         </p>
         <p id="nCXvum" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">
            (S-70)
Contractor reporting.
         </p>
         <p id="dtbddx" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p "> (1) The basic and the alternate of the clause at <xref href="252.204-7023.dita"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "/>, Reporting Requirements for Contracted Services, require contractors to report annually, by October 31, on the services performed under the contract or order, including any first-tier subcontracts, during the preceding Government fiscal year. </p>
         <p id="DHLzNa" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">
            (2)
For indefinite-delivery contracts, basic ordering agreements, and
blanket purchase agreements—
         </p>
         <p id="hRbXYh" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">
            (i)
Contractor reporting is required for each order issued under the
contract or agreement that meets the requirements of paragraph (a)
of this section; and
         </p>
         <p id="rQxpmf" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">
            (ii)
Service contract reporting is not required for the basic contract
or agreement.
         </p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
