<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_206.302-5"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">206.302-5</ph>  Authorized or required by statute.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Application. </i>Agencies may use this authority to—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Acquire supplies and services from military exchange stores outside the United States for use by the armed forces outside the United States in accordance with <xref href="https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/10/2424"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">10 U.S.C. 2424(a)</xref> and subject to the limitations of <xref href="https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/10/2424"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">10 U.S.C. 2424(b)</xref>. The limitations of <xref href="https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/10/2424"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">10 U.S.C. 2424(b)(1)</xref> and <xref href="https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/10/2424"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">(2)</xref> do not apply to the purchase of soft drinks that are manufactured in the United States. For the purposes of <xref href="https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/10/2424"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">10 U.S.C. 2424</xref>, soft drinks manufactured in the United States are brand name carbonated sodas, manufactured in the United States, as evidenced by product markings.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Acquire police, fire protection, airfield operation, or other community services from local governments at military installations to be closed under the circumstances in 237.7401 (section 2907 of Fiscal Year 1994 Defense Authorization Act (Pub. L. 103-160)).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">Acquire products and services under the Pilot Program to Incentivize Contracting with Employee-Owned Businesses (see subpart 270.1). </p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p " props="Runin">(c) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Limitations</i>. (i) <xref href="https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/10/4141"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">10 U.S.C. 4141</xref> precludes use of this exception for awards to colleges or universities for the performance of research and development, or for the construction of any research or other facility, unless—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) The statute authorizing or requiring award specifically—</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(1</i>) States that the statute modifies or supersedes the provisions of <xref href="https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/10/4141"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">10 U.S.C. 4141</xref>; </p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(2)</i> Identifies the particular college or university involved; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(3)</i> States that award is being made in contravention of <xref href="https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/10/4141"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">10 U.S.C. 4141(a)</xref>; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) The Secretary of Defense provides Congress written notice of intent to award. The contract cannot be awarded until 180 days have elapsed since the date Congress received the notice of intent to award. Contracting activities must submit a draft notice of intent with supporting documentation through channels to the Principal Director, Defense Pricing, Contracting, and Acquisition Policy, Office of the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition and Sustainment).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) The limitation in paragraph (c)(i) of this section applies only if the statute authorizing or requiring award was enacted after September 30, 1989.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Subsequent statutes may provide different or additional constraints on the award of contracts to specified colleges and universities. Contracting officers should consult legal counsel on a case-by-case basis.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
