<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_208.7002" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">208.7002</ph> Assignment authority.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  Under the DoD Coordinated Acquisition Program, contracting responsibility for certain commodities is assigned to a single department, agency, or the General Services Administration (GSA).  Commodity assignments are made—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  To the departments and agencies, by the Deputy Under Secretary of Defense (Logistics);</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  To GSA, through agreement with GSA, by the Deputy Under Secretary of Defense (Logistics);</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  Outside the contiguous United States, by the Unified Commanders; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4)  For acquisitions to be made in the contiguous United States for commodities not assigned under paragraphs (a)(1), (2), or (3) of this section, by agreement of agency heads (10 U.S.C. 2311).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  Agreement may be on either a one-time or a continuing basis.  The submission of a military interdepartmental purchase request (MIPR) by a requiring activity and its acceptance by the contracting activity of another department, even though based on an oral communication, constitutes a one-time agreement.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  Consider repetitive delegated acquisition responsibilities for coordinated acquisition assignment.  If not considered suitable for coordinated acquisition assignment, formalize continuing agreements and distribute them to all activities concerned.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  Under the Integrated Materiel Management Program, assignments are made by the Deputy Under Secretary of Defense (Logistics)—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  To the departments and agencies; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  To GSA, through agreement with GSA.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
