<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept id="DFARS_209.572" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title " rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> 
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">209.572</ph> Conflicts of interest in certain consulting services.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List1"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025">(a) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Scope</i>.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (1) This section implements section 812 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 (Pub. L. 118-31).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (2) To the extent that this section is inconsistent with FAR subpart 9.5, this section takes precedence.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List1"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (b) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definitions</i>. As used in this section—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> “Consulting services” means advisory and assistance services, except that “consulting services” does not include the provision of products or services related to—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (i) Compliance with legal, audit, accounting, tax, reporting, or other requirements of the laws and standards of countries; or</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (ii) Participation in a judicial, legal, or equitable dispute resolution proceeding.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> “Contract oversight entity<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">” </i>means any of the following:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (i) The contracting officer.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (ii) The contracting officer’s representative.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (iii) The Defense Contract Management Agency.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (iv) The Defense Contract Audit Agency.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (v) The DoD Office of Inspector General or any subcomponent of that office.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (vi) The Government Accountability Office.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> “Covered contract” means a DoD contract involving consulting services.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> “Covered foreign entity” means any of the following:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (i) The government of the People’s Republic of China, the Chinese Communist Party, the People’s Liberation Army, the Ministry of State Security, or other security service or intelligence agency of the People’s Republic of China.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (ii) The government of the Russian Federation or any entity sanctioned by the Secretary of the Treasury under Executive Order 13662, Blocking Property of Additional Persons Contributing to the Situation in Ukraine.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (iii) The government of any country if the Secretary of State determines that such government has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism pursuant to any of the following:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List4"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (A) Section 1754(c)(1)(A) of the Export Control Reform Act of 2018 (50 U.S.C. 4318(c)(1)(A)).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List4"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (B) Section 620A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2371).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List4"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (C) Section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List4"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (D) Any other provision of law.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (iv) Any entity included on any of the following lists maintained by the Department of Commerce (see the Export Administration Regulations at 15 CFR subchapter C):</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List4"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (A) The Entity List in supplement no. 4 to 15 CFR part 744.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List4"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (B) The Denied Persons List as described in 15 CFR 764.3(a)(2).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List4"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (C) The Unverified List in supplement no. 6 to 15 CFR part 744.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List4"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (D) The Military End User List in supplement no. 7 to 15 CFR part 744.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (v) Any entity identified by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to section 1237(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1999 (Pub. L. 105-261; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (vi) Any entity on the Non-Specially Designated Nationals Chinese Military-Industrial Complex Companies List maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury under Executive Order 14032, Addressing the Threat From Securities Investments That Finance Certain Companies of the People’s Republic of China.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List1"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (c) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Prohibition</i>. The contracting officer shall not award a contract assigned a North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code beginning with 5416 that involves consulting services to an offeror that both—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (1) Cannot certify that neither the offeror nor its subsidiaries or affiliates hold a contract or subcontract involving consulting services with one or more covered foreign entities; and</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (2) Does not have a conflict-of-interest mitigation plan that is auditable by a contract oversight entity and approved by the contracting officer.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List1"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (d) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Waiver</i>.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (1) If the prospective contractor(s) certified, in response to paragraph (c) of the provision at 252.209-7012, Prohibition Relating to Conflicts of Interest in Consulting Services—Certification, that it or its subsidiaries or affiliates hold a contract or subcontract involving consulting services with one or more covered foreign entities and the offeror has not submitted an acceptable conflict-of-interest mitigation plan, the contracting officer shall—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (i) Notify the offeror of the potential withholding of award due to the unmitigated conflict of interest; and</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (ii) Specify that the offeror has 10 days to respond to the notification.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (2) If the contracting officer determines that it is in the best interests of the United States to award the contract, notwithstanding the conflict of interest, the contracting officer shall request a waiver in accordance with 209.503-70.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (3) The prohibition may be waived on a case-by-case basis if an official listed at 209.503-70 determines that a waiver is necessary for national security purposes.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (4) The contracting officer shall include the waiver request and the waiver in the contract file.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (5) Not later than 30 days after approval of the waiver, the agency shall provide written notification to the House and Senate Armed Services Committees of the use of such waiver authority. The notification shall include—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (i) The specific justification for providing the waiver;</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (ii) The number of offerors that did not require a waiver;</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (iii) The number of offerors that were granted a waiver;</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (iv) Identification of the covered foreign entity that is the subject of the waiver; and</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (v) The total dollar value of the covered contract.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List1"
            rev="Revised October 24, 2025"> (e) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Solicitation provision</i>. Use the provision at 252.209-7012, Prohibition Relating to Conflicts of Interest in Consulting Services—Certification, in solicitations, including solicitations using FAR part 12 procedures for the acquisition of commercial services, assigned a NAICS code beginning with 5416. Do not include the provision in solicitations for the acquisition of commercial products.<ph class="- topic/ph " rev=""/> 
         </p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
