<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-209.571-7"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">209.571-7</ph> Systems engineering and technical assistance contracts.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  Agencies shall obtain advice on systems architecture and systems engineering matters with respect to major defense acquisition programs or pre-major defense acquisition programs from Federally Funded Research and Development Centers or other sources independent of the major defense acquisition program contractor.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Limitation on Future Contracting. </i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this subsection, a contract for the performance of systems engineering and technical assistance for a major defense acquisition program or a pre-major defense acquisition program shall prohibit the contractor or any affiliate of the contractor from participating as a contractor or major subcontractor in the development or production of a weapon system under such program. </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  The requirement in paragraph (b)(1) of this subsection cannot be waived.  </p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Exception. </i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  The requirement in paragraph (b)(1) of this subsection does not apply if the head of the contracting activity determines that—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  An exception is necessary because DoD needs the domain experience and expertise of the highly qualified, apparently successful offeror; and </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  Based on the agreed-to resolution strategy, the apparently successful offeror will be able to provide objective and unbiased advice, as required by 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="i1377859"
                  href="209.571-3.dita#DFARS-209.571-3">209.571-3</xref>
            (a), without a limitation on future participation in development and production.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  The authority to make this determination cannot be delegated.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
