<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_209.106"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">209.106</ph> Preaward surveys.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">When requesting a preaward survey, follow the procedures at PGI 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_209.106"
                  href="PGI_209.106.dita#DFARS_PGI_PGI_209.106"
                  xtrc="209.106">209.106</xref>
            . </p>
         <p outputclass="LightBlueText" class="- topic/p ">See DoD Class Deviation 2012-O0004, Prohibition Against Contracting with Corporations That Have an Unpaid Delinquent Tax Liability or a Felony Conviction under Federal Law, issued January 23, 2012.  This deviation is effective until incorporated in the FAR or otherwise rescinded.</p>
         <p outputclass="LightBlueText" class="- topic/p ">See DoD Class Deviation 2012-O0007, Prohibition Against Contracting with Corporations that have a Felony Conviction under Federal or State Law, issued March 9, 2012.  This deviation is effective for contract actions issued using DoD funds appropriated by the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2012 (Pub. L. 112-74).</p>
         <p outputclass="LightBlueText" class="- topic/p ">See DoD Class Deviation 2013-O0006, Prohibition Against Using Fiscal Year 2013 Funds to Contract with Corporations that have an Unpaid Delinquent Tax Liability or a Felony Conviction under Federal Law, issued January 22, 2013.  This deviation is effective for contract actions issued using DoD funds appropriated by the Continuing Appropriations Resolution, 2013 (Pub. L. 112-175).</p>
         <p outputclass="LightBlueText" class="- topic/p ">See DoD Class Deviation 2013-O0010, Prohibition Against Using Fiscal Year 2013 Funds to Contract with Corporations that have an Unpaid Delinquent Tax Liability or a Felony Conviction under Federal Law, issued April 8, 2013. This deviation is effective for contract actions issued using DoD funds appropriated by the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2013 (Public Law 113-6).</p>
         <p outputclass="LightBlueText" class="- topic/p ">See DoD Class Deviation 2014-O0004, Prohibition Against Using FY 2014 Funds to Contract with Corporations that Have an Unpaid Delinquent Tax Liability or a Felony Conviction under Federal Law, issued February 21, 2014.  This deviation is effective for contract actions issued using DoD funds appropriated by the Continuing Appropriations Act, 2014 (Pub. L. 113-46).</p>
         <p outputclass="LightBlueText" class="- topic/p ">See DoD Class Deviation 2014-O0009, Prohibition Against Using FY 2014 Funds to Contract with Corporations that Have an Unpaid Delinquent Tax Liability or a Felony Conviction under Federal Law, issued February 21, 2014.  This deviation is effective for contract actions issued using DoD funds appropriated by the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2014, and the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2014 (Pub. L. 113-76, Divisions C and J, enacted January 17, 2014).</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
