<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_211.275-2"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">211.275-2</ph> Policy.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  Except as provided in paragraph (b) of this subsection, radio frequency identification (RFID), in the form of a passive RFID tag, is required for cases and palletized unit loads packaging levels and any additional consolidation level(s) deemed necessary by the requiring activity for shipments of items that—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Contain items in any of the following classes of supply, as defined in DoD Manual 4140.01, Volume 6, DoD Supply Chain Materiel Management Procedures: Material Returns, Retention, and Disposition:</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  Subclass of Class I – Packaged operational rations.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  Class II – Clothing, individual equipment, tentage, organizational tool kits, hand tools, and administrative and housekeeping supplies and equipment.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii)  Class IIIP – Packaged petroleum, lubricants, oils, preservatives, chemicals, and additives.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv)  Class IV – Construction and barrier materials.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(v)  Class VI – Personal demand items (non-military sales items).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vi)  Subclass of Class VIII – Medical materials (excluding pharmaceuticals, biologicals, and reagents – suppliers should limit the mixing of excluded and non-excluded materials).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vii)  Class IX – Repair parts and components including kits, assemblies and subassemblies, reparable and consumable items required for maintenance support of all equipment, excluding medical-peculiar repair parts; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Will be shipped to one of the locations listed at  https://www.acq.osd.mil/log/sci/RFID_ship-to-locations.html or to—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  A location outside the contiguous United States when the shipment has been assigned Transportation Priority 1; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  Any additional location(s) deemed necessary by the requiring activity.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  The following are excluded from the requirements of paragraph (a) of this subsection:</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Shipments of bulk commodities.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Shipments to locations other than Defense Distribution Depots when the contract includes the clause at FAR 52.213-1, Fast Payment Procedures.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
