<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_211.274-4"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">211.274-4</ph> Policy for reporting of Government-furnished property.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  It is DoD policy that all Government-furnished property be recorded in the DoD Item Unique Identification (IUID) Registry, as defined in the clause at 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="i1381280"
                  href="252.211-7007.dita#DFARS_252.211-7007">252.211-7007</xref>
            , Reporting of Government-Furnished Property.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  The following items are not required to be reported:</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Contractor-acquired property, as defined in FAR part 45.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Property under any statutory leasing authority.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  Property to which the Government has acquired a lien or title solely because of partial, advance, progress, or performance-based payments.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4)  Intellectual property or software.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5)  Real property.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6)  Property released as work in process.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(7)  Non-serial managed items (reporting is limited to receipt transactions only).</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
