<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-212.7001"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">212.7001</ph> Procedures.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Limitation</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  For a procurement valued at more than $1 million, but less than $100 million, previously procured under a prime contract using <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR part 12</ph> procedures based on a commercial item determination made by a military department, a defense agency, or another DoD component, prior to converting the procurement from commercial acquisition procedures to noncommercial acquisition procedures under <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR part 15</ph>, the head of the contracting activity shall determine in writing, upon recommendation from the contracting officer for the procurement that—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  The earlier use of commercial acquisition procedures under <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR part 12</ph> was in error or based on inadequate information; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  DoD will realize a cost savings compared to the cost of procuring a similar quantity or level of such item or service using commercial acquisition procedures.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  In the case of a procurement valued at $100 million or more, a contract may not be awarded pursuant to a conversion of the procurement described in paragraph (a)(1) of this section until a copy of the head of contracting activity determination is provided to the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  In making a determination under paragraph (a) of this section, the determining official shall, at a minimum, consider the following factors:</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  The estimated cost of research and development to be performed by the existing contractor to improve future products or services.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  The costs for DoD and the contractor in assessing and responding to data requests to support a conversion to noncommercial acquisition procedures.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  Changes in purchase quantities.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4)  Costs associated with potential procurement delays resulting from the conversion.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  The requirements of this subpart terminate November 25, 2020.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
