<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_212.7004"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title rev="Revised August 17, 2023" class="- topic/title "> 
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">212.7004</ph> Procedures.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised August 17, 2023">This section prescribes procedures for the use of a CSO.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List1"
            rev="Revised August 17, 2023"> (a) The CSO shall—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised August 17, 2023"> (1) Describe the agency's interest for an individual program requirement or for broadly defined areas of interest covering the full range of the agency's requirements;</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised August 17, 2023"> (2) Specify the technical data required that may be necessary to meet DoD’s minimum requirements (see 227.7102 and 227.7202);</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised August 17, 2023"> (3) Describe the evaluation factors for selecting proposals to include—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised August 17, 2023"> (i) Technical and importance to agency programs as the primary evaluation factors;</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised August 17, 2023"> (ii) Price to the extent appropriate, but at a minimum to determine that the price is fair and reasonable; and</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised August 17, 2023"> (iii) Relative importance of the factors, and the method of evaluation;</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised August 17, 2023"> (4) Specify the period of time during which proposals submitted in response to the CSO will be accepted; and</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised August 17, 2023"> (5) Contain instructions for the preparation and submission of proposals.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List1"
            rev="Revised August 17, 2023"> (b) The contracting officer shall publicize the CSO through the Governmentwide point of entry and, if authorized pursuant to FAR subpart 5.5, may also publish a notice regarding the CSO in noted scientific, technical, or engineering periodicals. The contracting officer shall publish the notice at least annually.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List1"
            rev="Revised August 17, 2023"> (c) Proposals received in response to the CSO shall be evaluated in accordance with evaluation factors specified therein through a scientific, technological, or other subject-matter expert peer review process. Written evaluation reports on individual proposals are required, but proposals need not be evaluated against each other since they are not submitted in response to a common performance work statement or statement of work.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List1"
            rev="Revised August 17, 2023"> (d) Synopsis of proposed contract actions under FAR subpart 5.2 of individual contract actions based upon proposals received in response to the CSO is not required. The notice published pursuant to paragraph (b) of this section fulfills the synopsis requirement.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List1"
            rev="Revised August 17, 2023"> (e) When a small business concern would otherwise be selected for award but is considered not responsible, follow the Small Business Administration Certificate of Competency procedure (see FAR subpart 19.6).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List1"
            rev="Revised August 17, 2023"> (f) The contracting officer shall document the decision that the requirements of this subpart have been met and include the documentation in the contract file.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
