<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_212.503"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">212.503</ph> Applicability of certain laws to Executive agency contracts for the acquisition of commercial items.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  The following laws are not applicable to contracts for the acquisition of commercial items:</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  10 U.S.C. 2306(b), Prohibition on Contingent Fees.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  10 U.S.C. 2324, Allowable Costs Under Defense Contracts.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii)  10 U.S.C. 2384(b), Requirement to Identify Suppliers.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv)  10 U.S.C. 2397(a)(1), Reports by Employees or Former Employees of Defense Contractors.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(v)  10 U.S.C. 2397b(f), Limits on Employment for Former DoD Officials.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vi)  10 U.S.C. 2397c, Defense Contractor Requirements Concerning Former DoD Officials.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vii)  10 U.S.C. 2408(a), Prohibition on Persons Convicted of Defense Related Felonies.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(viii)  10 U.S.C. 2410b, Contractor Inventory Accounting System Standards (see 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="i1383859"
                  href="252.242-7004.dita#DFARS_252.242-7004">252.242-7004</xref>
            ).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" rev="Revised August 25, 2022">(ix) 10 U.S.C. 4651, note prec. (section 855, Pub. L. 117-81), Employment Transparency Regarding Individuals Who Perform Work in the People’s Republic of China.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">(x)  Domestic Content Restrictions in the National Defense Appropriations Acts for Fiscal Years 1996 and Subsequent Years, unless the restriction specifically applies to commercial items.  For the restriction that specifically applies to commercial ball or roller bearings as end items, see 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="i1379246"
                  href="225.7009-3.dita#DFARS_225.7009-3">225.7009-3</xref>
             (section 8065 of Pub. L. 107-117).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(xi) Section 8116 of the Defense Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Pub. L. 111-118) and similar sections in subsequent DoD appropriations acts.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  The applicability of the following laws has been modified in regard to contracts for the acquisition of commercial items: </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  10 U.S.C. 2402, Prohibition on Limiting Subcontractor Direct Sales to the United States (see FAR 3.503 and 52.203-6).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  10 U.S.C. 2306a, Truth in Negotiations Act (see FAR 15.403-1(b)(3)).</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
