<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "/home/ec2-user/ditatool/dita-ot-2.5.4/plugins/org.oasis-open.dita.v1_3/dtd/technicalContent/dtd/ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept id="DFARS-212.102">
      <title>
         <ph props="autonumber">212.102</ph> Applicability.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p id="RBZqwu" outputclass="List1">
            <ph id="3noqzmt3" rev="Revised April 28, 2022">(a)(i) <i>Use of FAR <xref format="html" href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/part-12" scope="external">part 12</xref> procedures</i>. Use of <xref format="html" href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/part-12" scope="external">FAR part 12</xref> procedures is based on—</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="KshpGQ" outputclass="List4">
            <ph id="wtr6be" rev="Revised April 28, 2022">(A) A determination that an item is a commercial item (see paragraph (a)(iii) of this section); or</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="CARwji" outputclass="List4">
            <ph id="7kbwz16s" rev="Revised April 28, 2022">(B) Applicability of one of the following statutes that provide for treatment as a commercial item and use of FAR <xref format="html" href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/part-12" scope="external">part 12</xref> procedures, even though the item may not meet the definition of "commercial product" or "commercial service" at FAR 2.101 and does not require a commercial item determination:</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="unxGSw" outputclass="List6">
            <ph id="t4rww0r" rev="Revised April 28, 2022">(<i>1</i>) 41 U.S.C. 1903 - Supplies or services to be used to facilitate defense against or recovery from cyber, nuclear, biological, chemical, or radiological attack pursuant to FAR 12.102(f).</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="EQgniy" outputclass="List6">
            <ph id="efa4nzex" rev="Revised April 28, 2022">(<i>2)</i> 10 U.S.C. 2380a - Supplies or services from nontraditional defense contractors pursuant to</ph>
            <ph id="bhmf3cbt" rev="Revised April 28, 2022">
               <xref href="212.102.dita#DFARS-212.102" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">212.102</xref>
            </ph>
            <ph id="tok2guc" rev="Revised April 28, 2022">(a)(iv).</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="jUpmZO" outputclass="List3">
            <ph id="eobxjide" rev="Revised April 28, 2022">(ii) Prior use of FAR part 12 procedures.</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="zHJsJH" outputclass="List4">
            <ph id="9wackci" rev="Revised April 28, 2022">(A) Pursuant to</ph>
            <ph id="nna34fph" rev="Revised April 28, 2022">10 U.S.C. 2380(c), except as provided in paragraph (a)(ii)(B) of this section or unless the item was acquired pursuant to paragraph (a)(i)(B) of this section, if the Commercial Item Database (for website see PGI <xref href="PGI_212.102.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_212.102" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">PGI 212.102</xref>(a)(iii)(B)(4)) contains a prior commerciality determination, or the contracting officer has other evidence that an item has previously been acquired by DoD using commercial item acquisition procedures under FAR <xref format="html" href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/part-12" scope="external">part 12</xref>, then the prior contract shall serve as a prior determination that an item is a commercial item. The contracting officer shall document the file accordingly.</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="gzpMGR" outputclass="List4">(B)(<i>1</i>) <ph id="fma7e1b" rev="Revised April 28, 2022">If the item to be acquired meets the criteria in paragraph (a)(ii)(A) of this section, the item may not be acquired using other than FAR part 12 procedures unless the head of the contracting activity issues a determination as specified in paragraph (a)(ii)(B)(2)(ii) of this section.</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="ctxEkP" outputclass="List6">(<i>2</i>) <ph id="zhsn1yz9" rev="Revised April 28, 2022">Pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2306a(b)(4)(A), the contracting officer may presume that a prior commercial item determination made by a military department, a defense agency, or another component of DoD shall serve as a determination for subsequent procurements of such item. In accordance with 10 U.S.C. 2306a(b)(4) and 10 U.S.C. 2380(c), if the contracting officer questions a prior determination to use FAR part 12 procedures and instead chooses to proceed with a procurement of an item previously determined to be a commercial item using procedures other than FAR part 12 procedures, the contracting officer shall request a review by the head of the contracting activity that will conduct the procurement. Not later than 30 days after receiving a request for review, the head of the contracting activity shall—</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="DTKNUQ" outputclass="List7">(<i>i</i>) <ph id="4pxkifr" rev="Revised April 28, 2022">Confirm that the prior use of FAR part 12 procedures was appropriate and still applicable; o</ph>r</p>
         <p id="rbWjcZ" outputclass="List7">(<i>ii</i>) <ph id="qys6xheh" rev="Revised April 28, 2022">Issue a determination that the prior use of FAR part 12 procedures was improper or that it is no longer appropriate to acquire the item using FAR part 12 procedures, with a written explanation of the basis for the determination.</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="PNpbqk" outputclass="List3">(iii) Commercial item determination. <ph id="na2qeq7a" rev="Revised April 28, 2022">Unless the procedures in paragraph (a)(ii) of this section are applicable, w</ph>hen using FAR part 12 procedures for acquisitions <ph id="csu5p6r" rev="Revised April 28, 2022">of commercial items pursuant to 212.102(a)(i)(A) that exceed the simplified acquisition threshold</ph>
            <ph id="jpqkem0g" rev="Revised April 28, 2022">,</ph> the contracting officer shall—</p>
         <p id="gZzPUj" outputclass="List4">(A) Determine in writing that the acquisition meets the commercial <ph id="5yb2cl95" rev="Revised April 28, 2022">product or commercial service</ph> definition in FAR 2.101;</p>
         <p id="cUxhMi" outputclass="List4">(B) Include the written determination in the contract file; and</p>
         <p id="YdtgwU" outputclass="List4">(C) Obtain approval at one level above the contracting officer when a commercial item determination relies on <ph id="8fkcyku" rev="Revised April 28, 2022">paragraphs</ph> (1)(ii), (3), <ph id="icmujq88" rev="Revised April 28, 2022">or</ph> (4), or (6) of the “commercial <ph id="plg9gbar" rev="Revised April 28, 2022">product</ph>” definition at FAR 2.101 <ph id="33wwq3e" rev="Revised April 28, 2022">or paragraph (2) of the "commercial service" definition at FAR 2.101; and</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="jbrgMM" outputclass="List4">(D) Follow the procedures and guidance at PGI <xref base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_212.102" href="PGI_212.102.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_212.102" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">PGI 212.102</xref> (a)(i<ph id="10ae6k8i" rev="Revised April 28, 2022">ii</ph>) regarding file documentation and commercial item determinations.</p>
         <p id="XNODRk" outputclass="List3">
            <ph id="23s31vms" rev="Revised April 28, 2022">(iv)</ph>
            <i>Nontraditional defense contractors.</i> In accordance with 10 U.S.C. 2380a, contracting officers—</p>
         <p id="ggeBVy" outputclass="List4">(A) Except as provided in paragraph (a)(<ph id="1abjlt66" rev="Revised April 28, 2022">iv</ph>)(B) of this section, may treat supplies and services provided by nontraditional defense contractors as commercial items. This permissive authority is intended to enhance defense innovation and investment, enable DoD to acquire items that otherwise might not have been available, and create incentives for nontraditional defense contractors to do business with DoD. It is not intended to recategorize current noncommercial items; however, when appropriate, contracting officers may consider applying commercial item procedures to the procurement of supplies and services from business segments that meet the definition of “nontraditional defense contractor” even though they have been established under traditional defense contractors. The decision to apply commercial item procedures to the procurement of supplies and services from nontraditional defense contractors does not require a commercial item determination and does not mean the item is commercial;</p>
         <p id="gxRCtt" outputclass="List4">(B) Shall treat services provided by a business unit that is a nontraditional defense contractor as commercial items, to the extent that such services use the same pool of employees as used for commercial customers and are priced using methodology similar to methodology used for commercial pricing; and</p>
         <p id="rqLtTZ" outputclass="List4">(C) Shall document the file when treating supplies or services from a nontraditional defense contractor as commercial items in accordance with paragraph (a)(iv)(A) or (B) of this section.</p>
         <p id="0frqsig8" outputclass="List1">
            <ph id="qsu6gjaj" rev="Revised April 28, 2022">(v) <i>Commercial item guidebook</i>. For a link to the commercial item guidebook, see PGI <xref href="PGI_212.102.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_212.102" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">PGI 212.102</xref>(a)(v).</ph>
         </p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
