<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS_213.270"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">213.270</ph> Use of the Governmentwide commercial purchase card.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">Use the Governmentwide commercial purchase card as the method of purchase and/or method of payment for purchases valued at or below the micro-purchase threshold. This policy applies to all types of contract actions authorized by the FAR unless—</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) The Deputy Secretary of Defense has approved an exception for an electronic commerce/electronic data interchange system or operational requirement that results in a more cost-effective payment process;</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)(1) A general or flag officer or a member of the Senior Executive Service (SES) makes a written determination that—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) The source or sources available for the supply or service do not accept the purchase card; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) The contracting office is seeking a source that accepts the purchase card.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) To prevent mission delays, if an activity does not have a resident general or flag officer or SES member, delegation of this authority to the level of the senior local commander or director is permitted; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) The purchase or payment meets one or more of the following criteria:</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) The place of performance is entirely outside the United States and its outlying areas.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) The purchase is a Standard Form 44 purchase for aviation fuel or oil.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) The purchase is an overseas transaction by a contracting officer in support of a contingency operation as defined in 10 U.S.C. 101(a)(13) or a humanitarian or peacekeeping operation as defined in 10 U.S.C. 2302(8).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) The purchase is a transaction in support of intelligence or other specialized activities addressed by 2.7 of Executive Order 12333.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5) The purchase is for training exercises in preparation for overseas contingency, humanitarian, or peacekeeping operations.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6) The payment is made with an accommodation check.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(7) The payment is for a transportation bill.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(8) The purchase is under a Federal Supply Schedule contract that does not permit use of the Governmentwide commercial purchase card.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(9) The purchase is for medical services and—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) It involves a controlled substance or narcotic;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) It requires the submission of a Health Care Summary Record to document the nature of the care purchased;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) The ultimate price of the medical care is subject to an independent determination that changes the price paid based on application of a mandatory CHAMPUS Maximum Allowable Charge determination that reduces the Government liability below billed charges;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) The Government already has entered into a contract to pay for the services without the use of a purchase card;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(v) The purchaser is a beneficiary seeking medical care; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vi) The senior local commander or director of a hospital or laboratory determines that use of the purchase card is not appropriate or cost-effective. The Medical Prime Vendor Program and the DoD Medical Electronic Catalog Program are two examples where use of the purchase card may not be cost-effective.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
