<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept id="DFARS_215.101-71" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">215.101-71</ph>  Tradeoff process when acquiring fuel for overseas contingency operations.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) When conducting a source selection for the acquisition of fuel that is for an overseas contingency operation and is expected to exceed the simplified acquisition threshold, the contracting officer shall consider using a tradeoff process in accordance with <xref href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/15.101-1"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">FAR 15.101-1</xref> (section 843 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 (<xref href="https://www.govinfo.gov/link/plaw/117/public/81"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">Pub. L. 117-81</xref>)). The contracting officer should consider using the following evaluation factors in any such tradeoff process:</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Past performance. </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Cost. </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) Anticorruption training. </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) Anticorruption compliance.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) If a tradeoff process was not considered, prior to the issuance of the solicitation, the contracting officer shall justify in writing why a tradeoff process was not considered and obtain approval by an official one level above the contracting officer. This authority is not delegable. The contracting officer shall include the justification in the contract file.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
