<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS_215.403-3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">215.403-3</ph> Requiring data other than certified cost or pricing data.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">Follow the procedures at PGI 
               <xref href="PGI_215.403-3.dita#DFARS_PGI_PGI_215.403-3"
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_215.403-3"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  xtrc="215.403-3">215.403-3</xref>
            .</p>
         <p>
            <p outputclass="List1" rev="Revised October 28, 2022">(a) In accordance with <xref href="https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/10/2306a"
                     format="html"
                     scope="external">10 U.S.C. 2306a(d)</xref>—</p>
            <p outputclass="List2" rev="Revised October 28, 2022">(1) Contracting officers shall not determine the price of a contract or subcontract to be fair and reasonable based solely on historical prices paid by the Government (see <xref href="PGI_215.403-3.dita#DFARS_PGI_PGI_215.403-3" outputclass="fm:TEXT">PGI 215.403-3</xref>(4)); and</p>
            <p outputclass="List2" rev="Revised October 28, 2022">(4) In lieu of the factors for consideration listed in FAR 15.403-3(a)(4), a determination by the head of the contracting activity (see <xref href="PGI_215.403-3.dita#DFARS_PGI_PGI_215.403-3" outputclass="fm:TEXT">PGI 215.403-3</xref>(7)) that it is in the best interest of the Government to make the award to an offeror that does not make a good faith effort to comply with a reasonable request to submit data other than certified cost or pricing data shall be based on consideration of pertinent factors, including the following:</p>
            <p outputclass="List3" rev="Revised October 28, 2022">(i) The effort to obtain the data.</p>
            <p id="p-" outputclass="List3" rev="Revised October 28, 2022">(ii) Availability of other sources of supply of the item or service.</p>
            <p outputclass="List3" rev="Revised October 28, 2022">(iii) The urgency or criticality of the Government's need for the item or service.</p>
            <p outputclass="List3" rev="Revised October 28, 2022">(iv) Reasonableness of the price of the contract, subcontract, or modification of the contract or subcontract based on information available to the contracting officer.</p>
            <p outputclass="List3" rev="Revised October 28, 2022">(v) Rationale or justification made by the offeror for not providing the requested data. </p>
            <p outputclass="List3" rev="Revised October 28, 2022">(vi) Risk to the Government if award is not made.</p>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Commercial items.</i> For determinations of price reasonableness of major weapon systems acquired as commercial items, see <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-234.7002"
                  href="234.7002.dita#DFARS_234.7002"
                  xtrc="234.7002">234.7002</xref>(d)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
