<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS_215.304"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">215.304</ph> Evaluation factorsand significant subfactors.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)(i) In acquisitions that require
use of the clause at FAR 52.219-9, Small
Business Subcontracting Plan, other than those based on the lowest
price technically acceptable source selection process (see FAR 15.101-2), the extent of participation of
small businesses to include service-disabled veteran-owned small
business concerns, HUBZone small business concerns, small disadvantaged
business concerns, and women-owned small business concerns in performance
of the contract shall be addressed in source selection. The contracting
officer shall evaluate the extent to which offerors identify and
commit to small business performance of the contract, whether as
a joint venture, teaming arrangement, or subcontractor.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) See PGI 
               <xref href="PGI_215.304.dita#DFARS_PGI_PGI_215.304"
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_215.304"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  xtrc="215.304">215.304</xref>
            (c)(i)(A)
for examples of evaluation factors.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Proposals addressing the extent of
small business performance shall be separate from subcontracting
plans submitted pursuant to the clause at FAR
52.219-9 and shall be structured to allow for consideration
of offers from small businesses.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) When an evaluation assesses the extent
that small businesses are specifically identified in proposals,
the small businesses considered in the evaluation shall be listed
in any subcontracting plan submitted pursuant to FAR 52.219-9 to
facilitate compliance with 
               <xref href="252.219-7003.dita#DFARS_252.219-7003"
                  base="DFARS-239.7301"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  xtrc="252.219-7003">252.219-7003</xref>
            .</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) In accordance with 10 U.S.C. 4293, consider the purchase of capital assets (including machine tools) manufactured in the United States, in source selections for all major defense acquisition programs as defined in 10 U.S.C. 4201.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) See 247.573-2(c) for additional evaluation
factors required in solicitations for the direct purchase of ocean
transportation services.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) In accordance with section 812 of
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011, consider
the manufacturing readiness and manufacturing-readiness processes
of potential contractors and subcontractors as a part of the source
selection process for major defense acquisition programs.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(v) Include an evaluation factor regarding
supply chain risk (see subpart 239.73) when acquiring information
technology, whether as a service or as a supply, that is a covered
system, is a part of a covered system, or is in support of a covered
system, as defined in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-239.7301"
                  href="239.7301.dita#DFARS_239.7301"
                  xtrc="239.7301">239.7301</xref>. For additional guidance see PGI 
               <xref href="PGI_215.304.dita#DFARS_PGI_PGI_215.304"
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_215.304"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  xtrc="215.304">215.304</xref>
            (c)(v).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vi) Ensure source selections emphasize
sustainment factors and objective reliability and maintainability
evaluation criteria in competitive contracts for the—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Technical maturation and risk reduction
phase of weapon system design (see guidance at PGI 
               <xref href="PGI_207.105.dita#DFARS_PGI_PGI_207.105"
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_207.105"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  xtrc="207.105">207.105</xref>
            (b)(14)(ii)(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>));</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Engineering and manufacturing development phase of a weapon system, including embedded software (10 U.S.C. 4328); or</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) Production and deployment phase of a weapon system, including embedded software (10 U.S.C. 4328).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vii) See 
               <xref href="226.7202.dita#DFARS_226.7202"
                  base="DFARS-226.7202"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  xtrc="226.7202">226.7202</xref>
             for an additional
evaluation factor required in solicitations when using the Demonstration
Project for Contractors Employing Persons with Disabilities.</p>
         <p outputclass="LightBlueText" class="- topic/p ">See DoD Class Deviation 2013-O0018,
Past Performance Evaluation Thresholds and Reporting Requirements,
issued on September 24, 2013, which updates the DoD thresholds for
evaluating a contractor’s past performance in source selections
for competitive acquisitions. This deviation is in effect until
incorporated into the DFARS or otherwise rescinded.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
