<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="DFARS-215.403-1"
            domains="(topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic task)                            (topic hi-d)                             (topic ut-d)                             (topic indexing-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            (topic pr-d)                             (topic sw-d)                            (topic ui-d)                             (topic task strictTaskbody-c)    "
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">215.403-1</ph> Prohibition on obtaining
certified cost or pricing data (10 U.S.C. 2306a and 41 U.S.C. chapter
35).</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Exceptions to certified
cost or pricing data requirements.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Follow the procedures at PGI <ph xtrc="PGIxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref href="PGI_215.403-1.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_215.403-1"
                     base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_215.403-1"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref ">215.403-1</xref>
            </ph>(b).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Submission of certified cost or pricing
data shall not be required in the case of a contract, subcontract,
or modification of a contract or subcontract to the extent such
data relates to an indirect offset.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Standards for exceptions from certified
cost or pricing data requirements</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Adequate price competition.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) For acquisitions under dual or multiple
source programs—</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) The determination of adequate
price competition must be made on a case-by-case basis. Even when
adequate price competition exists, in certain cases it may be appropriate
to obtain additional data to assist in price analysis; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>)<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i "/>Adequate price competition
normally exists when¾</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(i)</i> Prices are solicited across
a full range of step quantities, normally including a 0-100 percent
split, from at least two offerors that are individually capable
of producing the full quantity; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(ii)</i> The reasonableness of all prices
awarded is clearly established on the basis of price analysis (see <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 15.404-1</ph>(b)).</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) If only one offer is received in response
to a competitive solicitation, see <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref href="212.102.dita#DFARS-212.102"
                     base="DFARS-212.102"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref ">212.102</xref>
            </ph>(a)(ii) regarding
prior commercial item determinations.</p>
         <p rev="Revised June 5, 2020" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) Commercial
items.</p>
         <p rev="Revised June 5, 2020" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Follow
the procedures at PGI <xref href="PGI_215.403-1.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_215.403-1"
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_215.403-1"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">215.403-1</xref>(c)(3)
for pricing commercial items.</p>
         <p rev="Revised June 5, 2020" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) When applying
the commercial item exception under FAR 15.403-1(b)(3), see <xref href="212.102.dita#DFARS-212.102"
                  scope="local"
                  class="- topic/xref ">212.102</xref>(a)(ii)
regarding prior commercial item determinations.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Waivers.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) The head of the contracting activity
may, without power of delegation, apply the exceptional circumstances authority
when a determination is made that—</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(1)</i> The property or services cannot
reasonably be obtained under the contract, subcontract, or modification, without
the granting of the waiver;</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(2)</i> The price can be determined
to be fair and reasonable without the submission of certified cost
or pricing data; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(3)</i> There are demonstrated benefits
to granting the waiver. Follow the procedures at PGI <ph xtrc="PGIxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref href="PGI_215.403-1.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_215.403-1"
                     base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_215.403-1"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref ">215.403-1</xref>
            </ph>(c)(4)(A) for
determining when an exceptional case waiver is appropriate, for
approval of such waivers, for partial waivers, and for waivers applicable
to unpriced supplies or services.</p>
         <p rev="Revised June 5, 2020" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) By November
30th of each year, departments and agencies shall provide a report
to the Director, Defense Pricing and Contracting, Pricing and Contracting
Initiatives (DPC/PCI), of all waivers granted under FAR 15.403-1(b)(4), during
the previous fiscal year, for any contract, subcontract, or modification
expected to have a value of $19.5 million or more. See PGI <xref href="PGI_215.403-1.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_215.403-1"
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_215.403-1"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">215.403-1</xref>(c)(4)(B)
for the format and guidance for the report.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) DoD has waived the requirement for
submission of certified cost or pricing data for the Canadian Commercial Corporation
and its subcontractors (but see <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref href="215.408.dita#DFARS-215.408"
                     base="DFARS-215.408"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref ">215.408</xref>
            </ph>(3) and <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref href="225.870-4.dita#DFARS-225.870-4"
                     base="i1378989"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref ">225.870-4</xref>
            </ph>(c)).</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D) DoD has waived certified cost or pricing
data requirements for nonprofit organizations (including educational institutions)
on cost-reimbursement-no-fee contracts. The contracting officer
shall require¾</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(1)</i> Submission of data other than
certified cost or pricing data to the extent necessary to determine
price reasonableness and cost realism; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(2)</i> Certified cost or pricing data
from subcontractors that are not nonprofit organizations when the
subcontractor’s proposal exceeds the certified cost or pricing data
threshold at <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 15.403-4</ph>(a)(1).</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
