<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_215.404-73"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">215.404-73</ph> Alternate structured approaches.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  The contracting officer may use an alternate structured approach under 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="i1378182"
                  href="215.404-4.dita#DFARS_215.404-4">215.404-4</xref>
            (c).</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  The contracting officer may design the structure of the alternate, but it shall include—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Consideration of the three basic components of profit—performance risk, contract type risk (including working capital), and facilities capital employed.  However, the contracting officer is not required to complete Blocks 21 through 30 of the DD Form 1547.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Offset for facilities capital cost of money.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  The contracting officer shall reduce the overall prenegotiation profit objective by the amount of facilities capital cost of money under Cost Accounting Standard (CAS) 414, Cost of Money as an Element of the Cost of Facilities Capital (48 CFR 9904.414).  Cost of money under CAS 417, Cost of Money as an Element of the Cost of Capital Assets Under Construction (48 CFR 9904.417), should not be used to reduce the overall prenegotiation profit objective.  The profit amount in the negotiation summary of the DD Form 1547 must be net of the offset.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  This adjustment is needed for the following reason:  The values of the profit factors used in the weighted guidelines method were adjusted to recognize the shift in facilities capital cost of money from an element of profit to an element of contract cost (see FAR 31.205-10) and reductions were made directly to the profit factors for performance risk.  In order to ensure that this policy is applied to all DoD contracts that allow facilities capital cost of money, similar adjustments shall be made to contracts that use alternate structured approaches.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
