<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_216.505"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">216.505</ph> Ordering.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p id="sFNgaU" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">General.</i>
         </p>
         <p id="AMQLkJ" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6) Orders placed under indefinite-delivery contracts may be issued on DD Form 1155, Order for Supplies or Services.</p>
         <p id="fbFEGY" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(S-70) Departments and agencies shall comply with the review, approval, and reporting requirements established in accordance with subpart 217.7 when placing orders under non-DoD contracts in amounts exceeding the simplified acquisition threshold.</p>
         <p id="guqYZT" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Orders under multiple-award contracts.</i>
         </p>
         <p id="GcHyIc" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Fair opportunity.</i>
         </p>
         <p id="BRIAHP" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) See <xref base="DFARS-215.101-2"
                  href="215.101-2.dita#DFARS_215.101-2"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  xtrc="215.101-2"
                  class="- topic/xref ">215.101-2</xref>-70 for the limitations and prohibitions on the use of the lowest price technically acceptable source selection process, which are applicable to orders placed against multiple award indefinite delivery contracts.</p>
         <p id="uGWfmt" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) See <xref base="DFARS-217.7801"
                  href="217.7801.dita#DFARS_217.7801"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  xtrc="217.7801"
                  class="- topic/xref ">217.7801</xref> for the prohibition on the use of reverse auctions for personal protective equipment and aviation critical safety items.</p>
         <p id="RNWBHZ" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Exceptions to the fair opportunity process.</i> For an order exceeding the simplified acquisition threshold, that is a follow-on to an order previously issued for the same supply or service based on a justification for an exception to fair opportunity citing the authority at FAR <xref format="html"
                  href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/part-16#FAR_16_505"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">16.505</xref>(b)(2)(i)(B) or (C), follow the procedures at <xref href="PGI_216.505.dita#DFARS_PGI_PGI_216.505"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  xtrc="216.505"
                  class="- topic/xref ">216.505</xref>(b)(2).</p>
         <p id="ExqGWD" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6) Postaward notices and debriefing of awardees for orders exceeding $6 million. In addition to the notice required at FAR <xref format="html"
                  href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/part-16#FAR_16_505"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">16.505</xref>(b)(6), a written or oral postaward debriefing of successful and unsuccessful awardees is required for task orders and delivery orders valued at $10 million or more (section 818 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Pub. L. 115-91)).</p>
         <p id="qCrFXO" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Follow the procedures at <xref href="216.506.dita#DFARS_216.506"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  xtrc="216.506"
                  class="- topic/xref ">216.506</xref> and <xref href="215.506-70.dita#DFARS_215.506-70"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  xtrc="216.506-70"
                  class="- topic/xref ">215.506-70</xref> when providing the postaward debriefing to successful and unsuccessful awardees for task orders or delivery orders valued at $10 million or more.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
