<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-217.204"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">217.204</ph> Contracts.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e)(i)  Notwithstanding <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 17.204</ph>(e), the ordering period of a task order or delivery order contract (including a contract for information technology) awarded by DoD pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2304a—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  May be for any period up to 5 years;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  May be subsequently extended for one or more successive periods in accordance with an option provided in the contract or a modification of the contract; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C)  Shall not exceed 10 years unless the head of the agency determines in writing that exceptional circumstances require a longer ordering period.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  Paragraph (e)(i) of this section does not apply to the following:</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  Contracts, including task or delivery order contracts, awarded under other statutory authority. </p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  Advisory and assistance service task order contracts (authorized by 10 U.S.C. 2304b that are limited by statute to 5 years, with the authority to extend an additional 6 months (see <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 16.505</ph>(c)).</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C)  Definite-quantity contracts.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D)  GSA schedule contracts.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(E)  Multi-agency contracts awarded by agencies other than NASA, DoD, or the Coast Guard.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii)  Obtain approval from the senior procurement executive before issuing an order against a task or delivery order contract subject to paragraph (e)(i) of this section, if performance under the order is expected to extend more than 1 year beyond the 10-year limit or extended limit described in paragraph (e)(i)(C) of this section (see <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 37.106</ph> for funding and term of service contracts).</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
