<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="DFARS-217.7401"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">217.7401</ph> Definitions.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As used in this subpart—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Contract action” means an action which results in a contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) It includes contract modifications
for additional supplies or services.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) It includes task orders and delivery
orders.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) It does not include change orders,
administrative changes, funding modifications, or any other contract
modifications that are within the scope and under the terms of the
contract, e.g., engineering change proposals, value engineering change
proposals, and over and above work requests as described in subpart <xref href="PGI_217.77.dita#i1496395"
                  base="i1496395"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">217.77</xref>. For policy relating
to definitization of change orders, see <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref href="243.204-70.dita#DFARS-243.204-70"
                     base="i1380464"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref ">243.204-70</xref>
            </ph>.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Definitization” means the agreement on, or determination of,
contract terms, specifications, and price, which converts the undefinitized
contract action to a definitive contract.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Qualifying proposal” means a proposal that contains sufficient
information to enable DoD to conduct meaningful analyses and audits
of the information contained in the proposal.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Undefinitized contract action” means any contract action for
which the contract terms, specifications, or price are not agreed upon
before performance is begun under the action. Examples are letter
contracts, orders under basic ordering agreements, and provisioned
item orders, for which the price has not been agreed upon before
performance has begun. For policy relating to definitization of
change orders, see <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref href="243.204-70.dita#DFARS-243.204-70"
                     base="i1380464"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref ">243.204-70</xref>
            </ph>.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
