<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="DFARS-218.201"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">218.201</ph> Contingency operation.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Selection, appointment,
and termination of appointment</i>. Contracting officer qualification
requirements pertaining to a baccalaureate degree<ph rev="Revised June 5, 2020" class="- topic/ph "> </ph>do not apply to
DoD employees or members of the armed forces who are in a contingency
contracting force. See <xref href="201.603-2.dita#DFARS-201.603-2"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">201.603-2</xref>(2).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Governmentwide commercial purchase
card</i>. A contracting office supporting a contingency operation
or a humanitarian or peacekeeping operation may use the Governmentwide
commercial purchase card to make a purchase that exceeds the micro-purchase
threshold but does not exceed the simplified acquisition threshold
if certain conditions are met. See <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref href="213.301.dita#DFARS-213.301"
                     base="DFARS-213.301"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref ">213.301</xref>
            </ph>(3).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Imprest funds and third party drafts</i>.
Imprest funds are authorized for use without further approval for
overseas transactions at or below the micro-purchase threshold in
support of a contingency operation or a humanitarian or peacekeeping
operation. See <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref href="213.306.dita#DFARS-213.306"
                     base="DFARS-213.306"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref ">213.306</xref>
            </ph>(a)(1)(B).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(7) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Only one offer</i>. The requirements
at sections <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref href="216.601.dita#DFARS-216.601"
                     base="DFARS-216.601"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref ">216.601</xref>
            </ph>(d)(3).<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i "/>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(9) Undefinitized contract actions. The
head of the agency may waive certain limitations for undefinitized
contract actions if the head of the agency determines that the waiver
is necessary to support a contingency operation or a humanitarian or
peacekeeping operation. See <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref href="225.7002.dita#DFARS-225.7002"
                     base="DFARS-225.7002"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref ">225.7002</xref>
            </ph>, Restrictions
on food, clothing, fabrics, specialty metals, and hand or measuring
tools: (1) Acquisitions at or below the simplified acquisition threshold;
(2) Acquisitions outside the United States in support of combat
operations; (3) Acquisitions of perishable foods by or for activities
located outside the United States for personnel of those activities;
(4) Acquisitions of food, specialty metals, or hand or measuring
tools in support of contingency operations, or for which the use
of other than competitive procedures has been approved on the basis of
unusual and compelling urgency in accordance with <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR
6.302-2</ph>; (5) Emergency acquisitions by activities located outside
the United States for personnel of those activities; and (6) Acquisitions
by vessels in foreign waters. See <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref href="232.7002.dita#DFARS-232.7002"
                     base="DFARS-232.7002"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref ">232.7002</xref>
            </ph>(a)(4).</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
