<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_219.402" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">219.402</ph> Small Business Administration procurement center representatives.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)(i)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Authority</i>.  This section implements section 1811 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub. L. 114-328).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definition</i>.  As used in this section—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Humanitarian and civic assistance” means any of the following activities carried out in conjunction with authorized military operations in a foreign country:</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  Medical, surgical, dental, and veterinary care provided in areas of a country that are rural or underserved by professionals in those fields, including education, training, and technical assistance related to the care provided.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  Construction of rudimentary surface transportation systems.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C)  Well drilling and construction of basic sanitation facilities.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D)  Rudimentary construction and repair of public facilities. (10 U.S.C. 401(e))</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Exclusions</i>.  Unless the contracting activity requests a review, SBA procurement center representatives will not review acquisitions conducted by or for DoD if the acquisition is—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  For foreign military sales (see 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref " base="DFARS-225.7300" href="225.7300.dita#DFARS_225.7300">225.7300</xref>
            );</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  In support of humanitarian and civic assistance;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C)  In support of a contingency operation;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D)  Awarded pursuant to a Status of Forces Agreement or other agreement with the government of a foreign country in which U.S. Armed Forces are deployed; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(E)  Both awarded and performed outside the United States and its outlying areas.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
