<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-219.201"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">219.201</ph> General policy.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  For the defense agencies, the director of the Office of Small Business Programs must be appointed by, be responsible to, and report directly to the director or deputy director of the defense agency.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(8)  The responsibility for assigning small business technical advisors is delegated to the head of the contracting activity.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(10)  Contracting activity small business specialists perform this function by—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  Reviewing and making recommendations for all acquisitions (including orders placed against Federal Supply Schedule contracts) over $10,000, except those under the simplified acquisition threshold that are totally set aside for small business concerns in accordance with <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 19.502-2</ph>.  Follow the procedures at PGI <ph xtrc="PGIxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_219.201"
                     href="PGI_219.201.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_219.201">219.201</xref>
            </ph>(c)(10) regarding such reviews.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  Making the review before issuance of the solicitation or contract modification and documenting it on DD Form 2579, Small Business Coordination Record (see PGI <ph xtrc="PGIxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_253.219-70"
                     href="PGI_253.219-70.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_253.219-70">253.219-70</xref>
            </ph> for instructions on completing the form); and</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C)  Referring recommendations that have been rejected by the contracting officer to the Small Business Administration (SBA) procurement center representative.  If an SBA procurement center representative is not assigned, see <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 19.402</ph>(a).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(11)  Also conduct annual reviews to assess—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  The extent of consolidation of contract requirements that has occurred (see <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 7.107</ph>); and</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  The impact of those consolidations on the availability of small business concerns to participate in procurements as both contractors and subcontractors.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)  For information on the appointment and functions of small business specialists, see PGI <ph xtrc="PGIxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_219.201"
                     href="PGI_219.201.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_219.201">219.201</xref>
            </ph>(d).</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
