<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="DFARS_219.7103-2" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
      <title>
         <ph props="autonumber">219.7103-2</ph> Contracting officer responsibilities.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p>Contracting officers <ph rev="Revised August 25, 2022">shall</ph>—</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(a) Negotiate an advance agreement on the treatment of developmental assistance costs for either credit or reimbursement if the mentor firm proposes such an agreement, or delegate authority to negotiate to the administrative contracting officer (see FAR 31.109).</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(b) Modify (without consideration) applicable contract(s) to incorporate the clause at <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" base="DFARS-252.232-7005" href="252.232-7005.dita#DFARS_252.232-7005">252.232-7005</xref>, Reimbursement of Subcontractor Advance Payments - DoD Pilot Mentor-Protégé Program, when a mentor firm provides advance payments to a protégé firm under the Program and the mentor firm requests reimbursement of advance payments.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(c) Modify (without consideration) applicable contract(s) to incorporate other than customary progress payments for protégé firms in accordance with FAR 32.504(c) if a mentor firm provides such payments to a protégé firm and the mentor firm requests reimbursement.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(d) Modify applicable contract(s) to establish a contract line item for reimbursement of developmental assistance costs if -</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) A DoD program manager or the Director, <ph rev="Revised August 25, 2022">O</ph>SBP, <ph rev="Revised August 25, 2022">of the cognizant military department or defense agency</ph> has made funds available for that purpose; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2) The contractor has an approved mentor-protégé agreement.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(e) Negotiate and award a separate contract for reimbursement of developmental assistance costs only if -</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) Funds are available for that purpose;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2) The contractor has an approved mentor-protégé agreement; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(3) The Director, <ph rev="Revised August 25, 2022">O</ph>SBP, <ph rev="Revised August 25, 2022">of the military department or defense agency</ph> has made a determination in accordance with <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" base="DFARS-219.7102" href="219.7102.dita#DFARS_219.7102">219.7102</xref>(<ph rev="Revised August 25, 2022">d</ph>)(1)(ii).</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(f) Not authorize reimbursement for costs of assistance furnished to a protégé firm in excess of $1 <ph rev="Revised August 25, 2022">million</ph> in a fiscal year unless a written determination from the  Director, <ph rev="Revised August 25, 2022">O</ph>SBP, <ph rev="Revised August 25, 2022">of the military department or defense agency</ph> is obtained.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(g) Advise contractors of reporting requirements in <ph rev="Revised August 25, 2022">
               <xref outputclass="fm:TEXT" href="Appendix_I.dita#Appendix_I">APPENDIX I - POLICY AND PROCEDURES FOR THE DOD PILOT MENTOR-PROTEGE PROGRAM</xref>
            </ph>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(h) Provide a copy of the approved <ph rev="Revised August 25, 2022">m</ph>entor-<ph rev="Revised August 25, 2022">p</ph>rotégé agreement to the Defense Contract Management Agency <ph rev="Revised August 25, 2022">(DCMA)</ph>
            <ph rev="Revised August 25, 2022">small business professional</ph> responsible for conducting the annual performance review (see appendix I, section I-113).</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
