<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_219.708" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
      <title>
         <ph props="autonumber">219.708</ph> Contract clauses.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p outputclass="List1">(b)(1)(A)  Use the basic, alternate I, or alternate II clause at 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" base="i1381740" href="252.219-7003.dita#DFARS_252.219-7003">252.219-7003</xref>
            , Small Business Subcontracting Plan (DoD Contracts), in solicitations and contracts, including solicitations and contracts using FAR part 12 procedures for the acquisition of commercial items, that contain the clause at FAR 52.219-9, Small Business Subcontracting Plan.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6">(<i>1</i>)  Use the basic clause at 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" base="i1381740" href="252.219-7003.dita#DFARS_252.219-7003">252.219-7003</xref>
            , when using the basic, alternate I, or alternate II of FAR 52.219-9.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6">(<i>2</i>)  Use the alternate I clause at 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" base="i1381740" href="252.219-7003.dita#DFARS_252.219-7003">252.219-7003</xref>
            , when using Alternate III of FAR 52.219-9.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6">(<i>3</i>)  Use the alternate II clause at 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" base="i1381740" href="252.219-7003.dita#DFARS_252.219-7003">252.219-7003</xref>
             when using the Demonstration Project described at 226.72.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4">(B)  In contracts with contractors that  have comprehensive subcontracting plans approved under the Test Program described in 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" base="i1378572" href="219.702-70.dita#DFARS_219.702-70">219.702-70</xref>
            , including contracts using FAR part 12 procedures for the acquisition of commercial items, use the clause at 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" base="i1381757" href="252.219-7004.dita#DFARS_252.219-7004">252.219-7004</xref>
            , Small Business Subcontracting Plan (Test Program), instead of the clauses at 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" base="i1381740" href="252.219-7003.dita#DFARS_252.219-7003">252.219-7003</xref>
            , Small Business Subcontracting Plan (DoD Contracts), FAR 52.219-9, Small Business Subcontracting Plan, and FAR 52.219-16, Liquidated Damages—Subcontracting Plan.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2)  In contracts with contractors that have comprehensive subcontracting plans approved under the Test Program described in 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" base="i1378572" href="219.702-70.dita#DFARS_219.702-70">219.702-70</xref>
            , do not use the clause at FAR 52.219-16, Liquidated Damages–Subcontracting Plan.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(c)(1) Do not use the clause at FAR 52.219-10, Incentive Subcontracting Program, in contracts with contractors that have comprehensive subcontracting plans approved under the Test Program described in 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" base="i1378572" href="219.702-70.dita#DFARS_219.702-70">219.702-70</xref>
            .</p>
         <p outputclass="LightBlueText">See DoD Class Deviation 2018-O0007, Small Business Subcontract Reporting, issued December 13, 2017.  Use this class deviation in lieu of FAR 52.219-9, Alternate IV, and DFARS 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" base="i1381740" href="252.219-7003.dita#DFARS_252.219-7003">252.219-7003</xref>
            .  The purpose of this class deviation is to (1) require submission of the Standard Form (SF) 294 in lieu of Individual Subcontract Reports (ISRs) in the Electronic Subcontracting Reporting System (eSRS) for orders against basic ordering agreements and blanket purchase agreements, and (2) change the entity to which the contractor submits the SSR from the DoD department or agency to DoD.  This deviation is effective until incorporated in the DFARS or otherwise rescinded.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
