<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-222.101-70"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">222.101-70</ph> Acquisition of stevedoring services during labor disputes.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  Use the following procedures only in the order listed when a labor dispute delays performance of a contract for stevedoring services which are urgently needed.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Attempt to have management and labor voluntarily agree to exempt military supplies from the labor dispute by continuing the movement of such material.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Divert vessels to alternate ports able to provide necessary stevedoring services.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  Consider contracting with reliable alternative sources of supply within the stevedoring industry.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4)  Utilize civil service stevedores to perform the work performed by contract stevedores.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5)  Utilize military personnel to handle the cargo which was being handled by contract stevedores prior to the labor dispute.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  Notify the labor advisor when a deviation from the procedures in paragraph (a) of this subsection is required.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
