<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-222.101-4"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">222.101-4</ph> Removal of items from contractors' facilities affected by work stoppages.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  When a contractor is unable to deliver urgent and critical items because of a work stoppage at its facility, the contracting officer, before removing any items from the facility, shall—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  Before initiating any action, contact the labor advisor to obtain the opinion of the national office of the Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service or other mediation agency regarding the effect movement of the items would have on labor negotiations.  Normally removals will not be made if they will adversely affect labor negotiations.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  Upon the recommendation of the labor advisor, provide a written request for removal of the material to the cognizant contract administration office.  Include in the request the information specified at PGI 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_222.101-4"
                  href="PGI_222.101-4.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_222.101-4"
                  xtrc="222.101-4">PGI 222.101-4</xref>
            (a)(ii).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii)  With the assistance of the labor advisor or the commander of the contract administration office, attempt to have both the management and the labor representatives involved agree to shipment of the material by normal means.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv)  If agreement for removal of the needed items cannot be reached following the procedures in paragraphs (a)(i) through (iii) of this subsection, the commander of the contract administration office, after obtaining approval from the labor advisor, may seek the concurrence of the parties to the dispute to permit movement of the material by military vehicles with military personnel.  On receipt of such concurrences, the commander may proceed to make necessary arrangements to move the material.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(v)  If agreement for removal of the needed items cannot be reached following any of the procedures in paragraphs (a)(i) through (iv) of this subsection, refer the matter to the labor advisor with the information required by 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="i1378641"
                  href="222.101-3.dita#DFARS-222.101-3"
                  xtrc="222.101-3">222.101-3</xref>
            -70(b).  If the labor advisor is unsuccessful in obtaining concurrence of the parties for the movement of the material and further action to obtain the material is deemed necessary, refer the matter to the agency head.  Upon review and verification that the items are urgently or critically needed and cannot be moved with the consent of the parties, the agency head, on a nondelegable basis, may order removal of the items from the facility.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
