<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-222.406-9"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">222.406-9</ph> Withholding from or suspension of contract payments.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Withholding from contract payments.</i>  The contracting officer shall contact the labor advisor for assistance when payments due a contractor are not available to satisfy that contractor's liability for Wage Rate Requirements or CWHSS statute wage underpayments or liquidated damages.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Disposition of contract payments withheld or suspended.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Limitation on forwarding or returning funds.</i>  When disposition of withheld funds remains the final action necessary to close out a contract, the Department of Labor will retain withheld funds pending completion of an investigation or other administrative proceedings.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Liquidated damages.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  The agency head may adjust liquidated damages of $500 or less when the amount assessed is incorrect or waive the assessment when the violations—</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(1)  </i>Were nonwillful or inadvertent; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(2) </i> Occurred notwithstanding the exercise of due care by the contractor, its subcontractor, or their agents.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  The agency head may recommend to the Administrator, Wage and Hour Division, that the liquidated damages over $500 be adjusted because the amount assessed is incorrect.  The agency head may also recommend the assessment be waived when the violations—</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(1)  </i>Were nonwillful or inadvertent; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(2)  </i>Occurred notwithstanding the exercise of due care by the contractor, the subcontractor, or their agents.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
