<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-222.402-70"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">222.402-70</ph> Installation support contracts.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  Apply both the Service Contract Labor Standards statute and the Construction Wage Rate Requirements statute to installation support contracts if—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  The contract is principally for services but also requires a substantial and segregable amount of construction, alteration, renovation, painting, or repair work; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  The aggregate dollar value of such construction work exceeds or is expected to exceed $2,000.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Service Contract Labor Standards statute</i>
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">coverage under the contract.</i>  Contract installation support requirements, such as plant operation and installation services (i.e., custodial, snow removal, etc.) are subject to the Service Contract Labor Standards.  Apply Service Contract Labor Standards clauses and minimum wage and fringe benefit requirements to all contract service calls or orders for such maintenance and support work.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Construction Wage Rate Requirements statute</i>
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">coverage under the contract.</i>  Contract construction, alteration, renovation, painting, and repair requirements (i.e., roof shingling, building structural repair, paving repairs, etc.) are subject to the Construction Wage Rate Requirements statute.  Apply Construction Wage Rate Requirements clauses and minimum wage requirements to all contract service calls or orders for construction, alteration, renovation, painting, or repairs to buildings or other works.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Repairs versus maintenance.</i>  Some contract work may be characterized as either Construction Wage Rate Requirements painting/repairs or Service Contract Labor Standards maintenance.  For example, replacing broken windows, spot painting, or minor patching of a wall could be covered by either the Construction Wage Rate Requirements or the Service Contract Labor Standards.  In those instances where a contract service call or order requires construction trade skills (i.e., carpenter, plumber, painter, etc.), but it is unclear whether the work required is Service Contract Labor Standards maintenance or Construction Wage Rate Requirements painting/repairs, apply the following rules:</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Individual service calls or orders which will require a total of 32 or more work-hours to perform shall be considered to be repair work subject to the Construction Wage Rate Requirements.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Individual service calls or orders which will require less than 32 work-hours to perform shall be considered to be maintenance subject to the Service Contract Labor Standards.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  Painting work of 200 square feet or more to be performed under an individual service call or order shall be considered to be subject to the Construction Wage Rate Requirements statute regardless of the total work-hours required.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e)  The determination of labor standards application shall be made at the time the solicitation is prepared in those cases where requirements can be identified.  Otherwise, the determination shall be made at the time the service call or order is placed against the contract.  The service call or order shall identify the labor standards law and contract wage determination which will apply to the work required.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(f)  Contracting officers may not avoid application of the Construction Wage Rate Requirements statute by splitting individual tasks between orders or contracts.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
