<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-222.406-8"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">222.406-8</ph> Investigations.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  Before beginning an investigation, the investigator shall inform the contractor of the general scope of the investigation, and that the investigation will include examining pertinent records and interviewing employees.  In conducting the investigation, follow the procedures at PGI 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_222.406-8"
                  href="PGI_222.406-8.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_222.406-8"
                  xtrc="222.406-8">222.406-8</xref>
            (a).  </p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Contractor notification.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4)(A)  Notify the contractor by certified mail of any finding that it is liable for liquidated damages under the Contract Work Hours and Safety Standards (CWHSS) statute.  The notification shall inform the contractor that—</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(1)</i>  It has 60 days after receipt of the notice to appeal the assessment of liquidated damages; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(2)</i>  The appeal must demonstrate either that the alleged violations did not occur at all, occurred inadvertently notwithstanding the exercise of due care, or the assessment was computed improperly.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  If an appeal is received, the contracting officer shall process the appeal in accordance with department or agency regulations.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Contracting officer's report.  </i>Forward a detailed enforcement report or summary report to the agency head in accordance with agency procedures.  Include in the report, as a minimum, the information specified at PGI 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_222.406-8"
                  href="PGI_222.406-8.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_222.406-8"
                  xtrc="222.406-8">222.406-8</xref>
            (d).</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
