<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept id="DFARS_225.101" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">225.101</ph> General.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1">(a) For DoD, the following two-part
test determines whether a manufactured end product is a domestic
end product:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(i) The end product is manufactured in
the United States; and</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1"> (ii)(A) Except for an end product that consists wholly or predominantly of iron or steel or a combination of both, the cost of its U.S. and qualifying country components exceeds 60 percent of the cost of all its components, except that the percentage will be 65 percent for items delivered in calendar years 2024 through 2028 and 75 percent for items delivered starting in calendar year 2029, but see paragraph (d) of this section. This test is applied to end products only and not to individual components.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List4">(B) For an end product that consists
            wholly or predominantly of iron or steel or a combination of both, the cost of iron and
            steel not produced in the United States or a qualifying country must constitute less
            than 5 percent of the cost of all the components used in the end product. The cost of
            iron and steel not produced in the United States or a qualifying country includes but is
            not limited to the cost of iron or steel mill products (such as bar, billet, slab, wire,
            plate, or sheet), castings, or forgings, not produced in the United States or a
            qualifying country, utilized in the manufacture of the end product and a good faith
            estimate of the cost of all iron or steel components not produced in the United States
            or a qualifying country, excluding commercially available off-the-shelf (COTS)
            fasteners. The domestic content test of the Buy American statute has not been waived for
            acquisitions of COTS items in this category, except for COTS fasteners.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1">(c) Additional exceptions that allow the
purchase of foreign end products are listed at <xref href="225.103.dita#DFARS_225.103"
                  base="DFARS-225.103"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">225.103</xref>.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "> (d)(1) In lieu of the threshold increases in FAR 25.101(a)(2)(i), use the domestic content threshold increases in paragraph (a)(ii) of this section. The senior procurement executive may approve application of an alternate domestic content test, under which the domestic content threshold in effect at the time of contract award will apply to the entire period of performance of the contract, following consultation with the Office of Management and Budget’s Made in America Office. See PGI 225.101 for guidance on documentation requirements when the senior procurement executive approves application of an alternate domestic content test. </p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">  (2) When the senior procurement executive allows for application of an alternate domestic content test for the contract pursuant to FAR 25.101(d)(1) (but see paragraph (d)(1) of this section)— </p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List4">  (A) See 225.1101(2)(iv) for use of alternate II of the clause at 252.225-7001, Buy American and Balance of Payments Program; </p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List4">  (B) See 225.1101(2)(v) for use of alternate III of the clause at 252.225-7001, Buy American and Balance of Payments Program; </p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List4">  (C) See 225.1101(9) for use of the basic or alternate provision at 252.225-7035, Buy American—Free Trade Agreements—Balance of Payments Program Certificate, or the basic or alternate clause at 252.225-7036, Buy American—Free Trade Agreements—Balance of Payments Program; and </p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List4">  (D) See 225.1101(10)(i) for use of the basic or alternate clause at 252.225-7036, Buy American—Free Trade Agreements—Balance of Payments Program. </p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
