<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="DFARS_225.772-1" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
      <title>
         <ph props="autonumber">225.772-1</ph> Definitions.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p>As used in this section—</p>
         <p>“Covered foreign country” means—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) The People’s Republic of China;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2) North Korea;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(3) The Russian Federation; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(4) Any country that is a state sponsor
of terrorism. (10 U.S.C. 2279)</p>
         <p>“Cybersecurity risk” means threats to and vulnerabilities of
information or information systems and any related consequences caused
by or resulting from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, degradation,
disruption, modification, or destruction of such information or
information systems, including such related consequences caused
by an act of terrorism. (10 U.S.C. 2279)</p>
         <p>“Foreign entity” means—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) Any branch, partnership, group or sub-group,
association, estate, trust, corporation or division of a corporation,
or organization organized under the laws of a foreign state if either
its principal place of business is outside the United States or
its equity securities are primarily traded on one or more foreign
exchanges.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2) Notwithstanding paragraph (1) of this
definition, any branch, partnership, group or sub-group, association,
estate, trust, corporation or division of a corporation, or organization
that demonstrates that a majority of the equity interest in such entity
is ultimately owned by U.S. nationals is not a foreign entity. (31
CFR 800.212)</p>
         <p>“Government of a covered foreign country” includes the state
and the government of a covered foreign country, as well as any
political subdivision, agency, or instrumentality thereof.</p>
         <p>“Launch vehicle” means a fully integrated space launch vehicle.
(10 U.S.C. 2279)</p>
         <p>“Satellite services” means communications capabilities that utilize
an on-orbit satellite for transmitting the signal from one location
to another.</p>
         <p>“State sponsor of terrorism”
means a country determined by the Secretary of State, under section
1754(c)(1)(A)(i) of the Export Control Reform Act of 2018 (Title
XVII, Subtitle B, of the National Defense Authorization Act for
Fiscal Year 2019, Pub. L. 115-232),to be a country the government
of which has repeatedly provided support for acts of international
terrorism. As of December 14, 2020, state sponsors of terrorism
include Iran, North Korea, and Syria. (<xref href="https://www.govinfo.gov/content/pkg/USCODE-2019-title10/html/USCODE-2019-title10-subtitleA-partIV-chap137-sec2327.htm" format="html" scope="external">10 U.S.C. 2327</xref>)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
