<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS_225.7019-3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">225.7019-3</ph> Waiver.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Request and approval of
waiver</i>. The requiring activity may submit to the contracting
activity a request for waiver of the prohibition in <xref href="225.7019-2.dita"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  xtrc="">225.7019-2</xref> for
a specific contract for the acquisition of furnished energy for
a covered military installation. The head of the contracting activity,
without power of redelegation, may approve the waiver, upon certification
to the congressional defense committees that—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) The waiver of section 2821 is necessary
to ensure an adequate supply of furnished energy for the covered
military installation; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) National security requirements have
been balanced against the potential risk associated with reliance
upon the Russian Federation for furnished energy.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Submission of waiver notice</i>.
(1) Not later than 14 days before the execution of any energy contract
for which a waiver is granted under paragraph (a) of this section,
the head of the contracting activity shall submit to the congressional
defense committees a notice of the waiver. See PGI 225.7019-3 for
waiver procedures.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) The waiver notice shall include the
following:</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) The rationale for the waiver, including
the basis for the certifications required by paragraph (a) of this
section.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) An assessment of how the waiver may
impact DoD's European energy resilience strategy.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) An explanation of the measures DoD
is taking to mitigate the risk of using Russian Federation furnished
energy.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
