<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS_225.7010-1"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">225.7010-1</ph> Restrictions.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">In accordance with 10 U.S.C. 4864, unless manufactured in the United States, Australia, Canada, or the United Kingdom, do not acquire:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1">(a) The following components of naval vessels to the extent they are unique to marine applications: </p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> 
            (1)Gyrocompasses.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> 
            (2)Electronic navigation chart systems.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> 
            (3)Steering controls.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> 
            (4)Pumps.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> 
            (5)Propulsion and machinery control systems.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> 
            (6) Totally enclosed lifeboats.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1"> 
            (b) Large medium-speed diesel engines for new construction of auxiliary ships using funds available for National Defense Sealift Fund programs or Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy. 
         </p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
