<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS-225.7003-2"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">225.7003-2</ph> Restrictions.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) The following restrictions implement 10 U.S.C. 2533b. Except as provided in 
               <xref href="225.7003-3.dita#DFARS-225.7003-3"
                  base="i1379135"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">225.7003-3</xref>
            —</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Do not acquire the following items, or any components of the following items, unless any specialty metals contained in the items or components are melted or produced in the United States (also see guidance at PGI 
               <xref href="PGI_225.7003-2.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_225.7003-2"
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_225.7003-2"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">225.7003-2</xref>
            (a)):</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Aircraft.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Missile or space systems.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Ships.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) Tank or automotive items.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(v) Weapon systems.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vi) Ammunition.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Do not acquire a specialty metal (e.g., raw stock, including bar, billet, slab, wire, plate, and sheet; castings; and forgings) as an end item, unless the specialty metal is melted or produced in the United States. This restriction applies to specialty metal acquired by a contractor for delivery to DoD as an end item, in addition to specialty metal acquired by DoD directly from the entity that melted or produced the specialty metal.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) For more information on specialty metals restrictions and reporting of noncompliances, see http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/cpic/ic/restrictions_on_specialty_metals_10_usc_2533b.html.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
