<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept xtrc=""
            id="DFARS_225_7004_6"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">225.7004-6</ph> Waiver of restrictions.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1">(a) Welded shipboard anchor and mooring chain.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> (1) In accordance with section 8016 of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023 (Pub. L. 117-328), the secretary of the department responsible for acquisition may waive the restrictions in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  href="225.7004-2.dita#DFARS_225.7004-2"
                  base="DFARS-225.7004-2"
                  xtrc="225.7004-2"
                  class="- topic/xref ">225.7004-2</xref>(b)(6) and <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  href="225.7004-5.dita#DFARS_225_7004_5"
                  base="DFARS-225.7004-5"
                  xtrc="225.7004-5"
                  class="- topic/xref ">225.7004-5</xref>, on a case-by-case basis, if—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3"> (i) Sufficient domestic suppliers are not available to meet DoD requirements on a timely basis; and</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3"> (ii) The acquisition is necessary to acquire capability for national security purposes.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> (2) Document the waiver in a written determination and findings containing—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3"> (i) The factors supporting the waiver; and</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3"> (ii) A certification that the acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> (3) Provide a copy of the determination and findings to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1"> (b) Star trackers. The waiver criteria at paragraph (c) of this section apply, except that the USD(A&amp;S) may delegate the authority to waive a restriction for a star tracker for a particular foreign country to the service acquisition executive, without power of redelegation (section 1603, National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Pub. L. 116-283)).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1"> (c) Waiver of restrictions of 10 U.S.C. 4864(a). The restrictions on certain foreign purchases at <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  href="225.7004-2.dita#DFARS_225.7004-2"
                  base="DFARS-225.7004-2"
                  xtrc="225.7004-2"
                  class="- topic/xref ">225.7004-2</xref> may be waived, except as provided in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this section, as follows:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> (1)(i) USD(A&amp;S), without power of delegation, may waive a restriction for a particular item for a particular foreign country upon determination that—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List4"> (A) U.S. producers of the item would not be jeopardized by competition from a foreign country, and that country does not discriminate against defense items produced in the United States to a greater degree than the United States discriminates against defense items produced in that country; or</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List4"> (B) Application of the restriction would impede cooperative programs entered into between DoD and a foreign country, or would impede the reciprocal procurement of defense items under a memorandum of understanding providing for reciprocal procurement of defense items under <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  href="225.872.dita#DFARS_225.872"
                  base="DFARS-225.872"
                  xtrc="225.872"
                  class="- topic/xref ">225.872</xref>, and that country does not discriminate against defense items produced in the United States to a greater degree than the United States discriminates against defense items produced in that country.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3"> (ii) A notice of the determination to exercise the waiver authority shall be published in the Federal Register and submitted to the congressional defense committees at least 15 days before the effective date of the waiver.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3"> (iii) The effective period of the waiver shall not exceed 1 year.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3"> (iv) For contracts entered into prior to the effective date of a waiver, provided adequate consideration is received to modify the contract, the waiver shall be applied as directed or authorized in the waiver to—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List4"> (A) Subcontracts entered into on or after the effective date of the waiver; and</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List4"> (B) Options for the procurement of items that are exercised after the effective date of the waiver, if the option prices are adjusted for any reason other than the application of the waiver.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> (2) The head of the contracting activity may waive a restriction on a case-by-case basis upon execution of a determination and findings that any of the following applies:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3"> (i) The restriction would cause unreasonable delays.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3"> (ii) Satisfactory quality items manufactured in the national technology and industrial base are not available.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3"> (iii) Application of the restriction would result in the existence of only one source for the item in the national technology and industrial base.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3"> (iv) Application of the restriction is not in the national security interests of the United States.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3"> (v) Application of the restriction would adversely affect a U.S. company.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> (3) A restriction is waived when it would cause unreasonable costs. The cost of an item of national technology and industrial base origin is unreasonable if it exceeds 150 percent of the offered price, inclusive of duty, of items that are not of national technology and industrial base origin.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
