<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept id="DFARS_225.7004-2" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">225.7004-2</ph> Restrictions.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">Except as provided in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  href="225.7004-3.dita#DFARS_225.7004-3"
                  base="DFARS-225.7004-3"
                  xtrc="225.7004-3"
                  class="- topic/xref ">225.7004-3</xref>, do not acquire any of the following items, either as end products or components, unless the manufacturer of the items is part of the national technology and industrial base:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1"> (a) Buses, if multipassenger motor vehicles are purchased, leased, rented, or made available under contracts for transportation services. </p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1"> (b) Components for naval vessels, to the extent they are unique to marine applications (see also <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  href="225.7004-4.dita#DFARS_225.7004-4"
                  base="DFARS-225.7004-4"
                  xtrc="225.7004-4"
                  class="- topic/xref ">225.7004-4</xref> for implementation of the restriction for naval vessels):</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> (1) Gyrocompasses.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> (2) Electronic navigation chart systems.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> (3) Steering controls.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> (4) Propulsion and machinery control systems.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> (5) Totally enclosed lifeboats.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> (6) Welded shipboard anchor and mooring chain. See also 225.7004-5.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1"> (c) Large medium-speed diesel engines for new construction of auxiliary ships using funds available for National Defense Sealift Fund programs or Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1"> (d) For T-AO 205 and T-ARC class vessels:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> (1) Auxiliary equipment, including pumps, for all shipboard services.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> (2) Propulsion system components, including engines, reduction gears, and propellers.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> (3) Shipboard cranes.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> (4) Spreaders for shipboard cranes.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p "> (e) Star trackers.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
