<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="DFARS-225.1102"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">225.1102</ph> applies.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">(A) Use the basic clause in solicitations and contracts when the estimated value equals or exceeds $100,000, but is less than $182,000, except if the acquisition is of end products in support of operations in Afghanistan.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">(B) Use the alternate I clause in solicitations and contracts when the estimated value equals or exceeds $25,000, but is less than $83,099, except if the acquisition is of end products in support of operations in Afghanistan.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">(C) Use the alternate II clause in solicitations and contracts when the estimated value equals or exceeds $100,000, but is less than $182,000, and the acquisition is of end products in support of operations in Afghanistan.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">(D) Use the alternate III clause in solicitations and contracts when the estimated value equals or exceeds $25,000, but is less than $83,099, and the acquisition is of end products in support of operations in Afghanistan.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">(E) Use the alternate IV clause in solicitations and contracts when the estimated value equals or exceeds $83,099 but is less than $100,000, except if the acquisition is of end products in support of operations in Afghanistan.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">(F) Use the alternate V clause in solicitations and contracts when the estimated value equals or exceeds $83,099 but is less than $100,000 and the acquisition is of end products in support of operations in Afghanistan.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Do not use the basic or an alternate of the clause in paragraph (10)(i) of this section if—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Purchase from foreign sources is restricted (see <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref href="225.401.dita#DFARS-225.401"
                     base="DFARS-225.401"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref ">225.401</xref>
            </ph>(a)(2)), unless the contracting officer anticipates a waiver of the restriction;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Acquiring information technology that is a commercial item, using fiscal year 2004 or subsequent funds (Section 535 of Division F of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2004 (Pub. L. 108-199), and the same provision in subsequent appropriations acts); or</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) Using a procedure specified in <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref href="225.7703-1.dita#DFARS-225.7703-1"
                     base="i1379434"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref ">225.7703-1</xref>
            </ph>(a).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) The acquisition of eligible and noneligible products under the same contract may result in the application of a Free Trade Agreement to only some of the items acquired. In such case, indicate in the Schedule those items covered by the Buy American–Free Trade Agreements–Balance of Payments Program clause.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
