<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept id="DFARS_225.7503" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">225.7503</ph> Contract clauses.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">Unless the entire acquisition is exempt from the Balance of Payments Program—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1">(a) Use the basic or an alternate of the clause at <xref href="252.225-7044.dita#DFARS_252.225-7044"
                  base="i1382432"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.225-7044</xref> , Balance of Payments Program—Construction Material, in solicitations and contracts for construction to be performed outside the United States, including acquisitions of commercial products or commercial components or components, with an estimated value greater than the simplified acquisition threshold but less than $7,032,000.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(1) Use the basic clause unless the acquisition is in support of operations in Afghanistan.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(2) Use the alternate I clause if the acquisition is in support of operations in Afghanistan.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised February 15, 2024">(3) Use the alternate II clause in lieu of the basic clause if an alternate domestic content threshold will apply to the entire period of performance as approved by the senior procurement executive (see 225.101(d)), unless the acquisition is in support of operations in Afghanistan.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised February 15, 2024">(4) Use the alternate III clause in lieu of the alternate I clause if—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised February 15, 2024">(i) The acquisition is in support of operations in Afghanistan; and</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised February 15, 2024">(ii) An alternate domestic content threshold will apply to the entire period of performance as approved by the senior procurement executive (see 225.101(d)).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1">(b) Use the basic or an alternate of the clause at <xref href="252.225-7045.dita#DFARS_252.225-7045"
                  base="i1382446"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.225-7045</xref>, Balance of Payments Program—Construction Material Under Trade Agreements, in solicitations and contracts for construction to be performed outside the United States with an estimated value of $7,032,000 or more, including acquisitions of commercial products or commercial components or components.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(1) Use the basic clause in solicitations and contracts with an estimated value of $12,001,460 or more, unless the acquisition is in support of operations in Afghanistan.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(2) Use the alternate I clause in solicitations and contracts with an estimated value of $7,032,000 or more, but less than $10,802,884 unless the acquisition is in support of operations in <ph class="- topic/ph " rev="Revised February 15, 2024">Afghanistan</ph>.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(3) Use the alternate II clause in solicitations and contracts with an estimated value of $12,001,460 or more and is in support of operations in Afghanistan.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(4) Use the alternate III clause in solicitations and contracts with an estimated value of $7,032,000 or more, but less than $10,802,884, and is in support of operations in Afghanistan.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised February 15, 2024">(5) Use the alternate IV clause in lieu of the basic clause in solicitations and contracts, unless the acquisition is in support of operations in Afghanistan, when—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised February 15, 2024">(i) The estimated value is $12,001,460 or more; and</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised February 15, 2024">(ii) An alternate domestic content threshold will apply to the entire period of performance as approved by the senior procurement executive (see 225.101(d)).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised February 15, 2024">(6) Use the alternate V clause in lieu of the alternate I clause in solicitations and contracts, unless the acquisition is in support of operations in Afghanistan, when—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised February 15, 2024">(i) The estimated value is $7,032,000 or more; and</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised February 15, 2024">(ii) An alternate domestic content threshold will apply to the entire period of performance as approved by the senior procurement executive (see 225.101(d)).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised February 15, 2024">(7) Use the alternate VI clause in lieu of the alternate II clause in solicitations and contracts when—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised February 15, 2024">(i) The estimated value is $12,001,460 or more;</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised February 15, 2024">(ii) The acquisition is in support of operations in Afghanistan; and</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised February 15, 2024">(iii) An alternate domestic content threshold will apply to the entire period of performance as approved by the senior procurement executive (see 225.101(d)).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised February 15, 2024">(8) Use the alternate VII clause in lieu of the alternate III clause in solicitations and contracts when—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised February 15, 2024">(i) The estimated value is $7,032,000 or more but less than $12,001,460;</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised February 15, 2024">(ii) The acquisition is in support of operations in Afghanistan; and</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised February 15, 2024">(iii) An alternate domestic content threshold will apply to the entire period of performance as approved by the senior procurement executive (see 225.101(d)).</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
