<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-225.7002-1"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">225.7002-1</ph> Restrictions.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  The following restrictions implement 10 U.S.C. 2533a (the “Berry Amendment”).  Except as provided in subsection <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="i1379115"
                     href="225.7002-2.dita#DFARS-225.7002-2">225.7002-2</xref>
            </ph>, do not acquire—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Any of the following items, either as end products or components, unless the items have been grown, reprocessed, reused, or produced in the United States:</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  Food.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  Clothing and the materials and components thereof, other than sensors, electronics, or other items added to, and not normally associated with,clothing and the materials and components thereof.  Clothing includes items such as outerwear, headwear, underwear, nightwear, footwear, hosiery, handwear, belts, badges, and insignia.  For additional guidance and examples, see PGI <ph xtrc="PGIxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_225.7002-1"
                     href="PGI_225.7002-1.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_225.7002-1">225.7002-1</xref>
            </ph>(a)(1)(ii).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii)(A)  Tents and the structural components of tents;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Tarpaulins; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C)  Covers.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv)  Cotton and other natural fiber products.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(v)  Woven silk or woven silk blends.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vi)  Spun silk yarn for cartridge cloth.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vii)  Synthetic fabric or coated synthetic fabric, including all textile fibers and yarns that are for use in such fabrics.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(viii)  Canvas products.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ix)  Wool (whether in the form of fiber or yarn or contained in fabrics,materials, or manufactured articles).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(x)  Any item of individual equipment (Product or Service Code (PSC) 8465) manufactured from or containing any of the fibers, yarns, fabrics, or materials listed in this paragraph (a)(1).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Hand or measuring tools, unless the tools were produced in the United States.  For additional guidance, see PGI <ph xtrc="PGIxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_225.7002-1"
                     href="PGI_225.7002-1.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_225.7002-1">225.7002-1</xref>
            </ph>(a)(2).</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  In accordance with section 8123 of the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2014 (Pub. L. 113-76, division C, title VIII), and the same provision in subsequent Defense appropriations acts, except as provided in  <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="i1379115"
                     href="225.7002-2.dita#DFARS-225.7002-2">225.7002-2</xref>
            </ph>, do not acquire a flag of the United States (PSC 8345), unless such flag, including the materials and components thereof, is manufactured in the United States, consistent with the requirements at10 U.S.C. 2533a.  This restriction does not apply to the acquisition of any end-items or components related to flying or displaying the flag (e.g., flag poles and accessories).</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
