<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept id="DFARS_225.7018-2" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">225.7018-2</ph> Restriction.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1">(a) <ph class="- topic/ph " rev="Revised May 30, 2024">General.</ph> Except as provided in <xref base="DFARS-225.7018-3"
                  href="225.7018-3.dita#DFARS_225.7018-3"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">225.7018-3</xref> and <xref base="DFARS-225.7018-4"
                  href="225.7018-4.dita#DFARS_225.7018-4"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">225.7018-4</xref>
            <ph class="- topic/ph " rev="Revised May 30, 2024">—</ph>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">
            <ph rev="Revised May 30, 2024" class="- topic/ph "> (1) Effective through December 31, 2026</ph>, do not acquire any covered material melted or produced in any covered country, or any end item, manufactured in any covered country, that contains a covered material<ph rev="Revised May 30, 2024" class="- topic/ph ">; and</ph>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2" rev="Revised May 30, 2024"> (2) Effective January 1, 2027, do not acquire any covered material mined, refined, separated, melted, or produced in any covered country, or any end item, manufactured in any covered country, that contains a covered material. (Section 854, Pub. L. 118-31; 10 U.S.C. 4872.)</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1">(b) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">
               <ph rev="Revised May 30, 2024" class="- topic/ph ">Samarium-cobalt magnets and neodymium-iron-boron magnets.</ph>
            </i>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(1) <ph rev="Revised May 30, 2024" class="- topic/ph ">Effective through December 31, 2026, f</ph>or samarium-cobalt magnets and neodymium<ph rev="Revised May 30, 2024" class="- topic/ph ">-</ph>iron-boron magnets, this restriction includes -</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(i) Melting samarium with cobalt to produce the samarium-cobalt alloy or melting neodymium with iron and boron to produce the neodymium-iron-boron alloy; and</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(ii) All subsequent phases of production of the magnets, such as powder formation, pressing, sintering or bonding, and magnetization.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">
            <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised May 30, 2024" outputclass="List2"> (2) Effective January 1, 2027, for samarium-cobalt magnets this restriction includes the entire supply chain from mining or production of a cobalt and samarium ore or feedstock, including recycled material, through production of finished magnets, except as provided at <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     href="225.7018-3.dita#DFARS_225.7018-3"
                     base="DFARS-225.7018-3"
                     xtrc="225.7018-3"
                     class="- topic/xref ">225.7018-3</xref>.</p> (<ph rev="Revised May 30, 2024" class="- topic/ph ">3</ph>) The restriction on melting and producing of samarium-cobalt magnets is in addition to any applicable restrictions on melting of specialty metals at <xref base="DFARS-225.7003"
                  href="225.7003.dita#DFARS_225.7003"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">225.7003</xref> and the clause at <xref base="DFARS-252.225-7009"
                  href="252.225-7009.dita#DFARS_252.225-7009"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.225-7009</xref>, Restriction on Acquisition of Certain Articles Containing Specialty Metals.</p>
         <p rev="Revised May 30, 2024" class="- topic/p "> (4) Effective January 1, 2027, for neodymium-iron-boron magnets, this restriction includes the entire supply chain from mining of neodymium, iron, and boron through production of finished magnets, except as provided at <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  href="225.7018-3.dita#DFARS_225.7018-3"
                  base="DFARS-225.7018-3"
                  xtrc="225.7018-3"
                  class="- topic/xref ">225.7018-3</xref>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) <ph rev="Revised May 30, 2024" class="- topic/ph ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Tantalum metals and alloys.</i>
            </ph> 
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">
            <ph rev="Revised May 30, 2024" class="- topic/ph ">(1) Effective through December 31, 2026, f</ph>or production of tantalum metals of any kind and alloys, this restriction includes the reduction or melting of any form of tantalum to create tantalum metal including unwrought, powder, mill products, and alloys. The restriction also covers all subsequent phases of production of tantalum metals and alloys.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" rev="Revised May 30, 2024" class="- topic/p "> (2) Effective January 1, 2027, for production of tantalum metals of any kind and alloys, this restriction includes mining or production of a tantalum ore or feedstock, including recycled material, through production of metals of any kind and alloys, except as provided at 225.7018-3.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1">(d) <ph rev="Revised May 30, 2024" class="- topic/ph ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Tungsten metal powder and tungsten heavy alloy.</i>
            </ph> 
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">
            <ph rev="Revised May 30, 2024" class="- topic/ph ">(1) Effective through December 31, 2026, f</ph>or production of tungsten metal powder and tungsten heavy alloy, this restriction includes–</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(<ph rev="Revised May 30, 2024" class="- topic/ph ">i</ph>) Atomization;</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(<ph rev="Revised May 30, 2024" class="- topic/ph ">ii</ph>) Calcination and reduction into powder;</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(<ph rev="Revised May 30, 2024" class="- topic/ph ">iii</ph>) Final consolidation of non-melt derived metal powders; and</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(<ph rev="Revised May 30, 2024" class="- topic/ph ">iv</ph>) All subsequent phases of production of tungsten metal powder, tungsten heavy alloy, or any finished or semi-finished component containing tungsten heavy alloy.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" rev="Revised May 30, 2024" class="- topic/p "> (2) Effective January 1, 2027, for production of tungsten metal powder, tungsten heavy alloy, or any finished or semi-finished component containing tungsten heavy alloy, this restriction includes mining or production of a tungsten ore or feedstock, including recycled material, through production of tungsten metal powders, except as provided at <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  href="225.7018-3.dita#DFARS_225.7018-3"
                  base="DFARS-225.7018-3"
                  xtrc="225.7018-3"
                  class="- topic/xref ">225.7018-3</xref>.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
