<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="DFARS-225.7017-3"
            domains="(topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic task)                            (topic hi-d)                             (topic ut-d)                             (topic indexing-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            (topic pr-d)                             (topic sw-d)                            (topic ui-d)                             (topic task strictTaskbody-c)    "
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">225.7017-3</ph> Exceptions.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">DoD requires the contractor to utilize domestic photovoltaic
devices in covered contracts that exceed the simplified acquisition
threshold, with the following exceptions:</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Qualifying country.</i>Qualifying
country photovoltaic devices may be utilized in any covered contract,
because <xref href="225.103.dita#DFARS-225.103"
                  base="DFARS-225.103"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">225.103</xref> (a)(i)(A) provides
an exception to the Buy American statute for products of qualifying
countries, as defined in <xref href="225.003.dita#DFARS-225.003"
                  base="DFARS-225.003"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">225.003</xref> . </p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) Buy American—unreasonable cost. For
a covered contract that utilizes photovoltaic devices valued at
less than <ph rev="Revised December 30, 2021" class="- topic/ph ">$183,000</ph>, the
exception for unreasonable cost may apply (see FAR 25.103(c). If
the cost of a foreign photovoltaic device plus 50 percent is less
than the cost of a domestic photovoltaic device, then the foreign
photovoltaic device may be utilized.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Trade agreements.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Free Trade Agreements. For a covered
contract that utilizes photovoltaic devices valued at $25,000 or
more, photovoltaic devices may be utilized from a country covered
under the acquisition by a Free Trade Agreement, depending upon
dollar threshold (see FAR subpart 25.4).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) World Trade Organization—Government
Procurement Agreement. For covered contracts that utilize photovoltaic devices
that are valued at <ph rev="Revised December 30, 2021" class="- topic/ph ">$183,000</ph> or
more, only U.S.-made photovoltaic devices, designated country photovoltaic devices,
or qualifying country photovoltaic devices may be utilized.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
