<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_226.7202"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">226.7202</ph> Policy and procedures.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)(1)  Contracting officers may use this Demonstration Project to award one or more contracts to an eligible contractor for the purpose of providing defense contracting opportunities for entities that employ severely disabled individuals.  To determine if there are eligible contractors capable of fulfilling the agency’s requirement, conduct market research as described in 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-210.002"
                  href="210.002.dita#DFARS_210.002"
                  xtrc="210.002">210.002</xref>
             and FAR 10.002.  For services, see also PGI 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_210.070"
                  href="PGI_210.070.dita#DFARS_PGI_PGI_210.070"
                  xtrc="210.070">210.070</xref>
            .</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  If the contracting officer elects to use this Demonstration Project, FAR 6.302-5 requires a written justification and approval to limit competition to eligible contractors.  In the justification, identify the statutory authority for the Demonstration Project (10 U.S.C. 2302 note).</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  When using this Demonstration Project, one of the evaluation factors shall be the percentage of the offeror’s total workforce that consists of severely disabled individuals employed by the offeror.  Contracting officers may use a rating method in which a higher percentage of the offeror’s total workforce consisting of severely disabled individuals would result in a higher rating for this evaluation factor.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)(1)  Contracts awarded to eligible contractors under this Demonstration Project shall be counted toward DoD’s small disadvantaged business goal.  The contractor must be an eligible contractor when options under the contract are exercised, in order for DoD to continue to receive credit for the contract toward its small disadvantaged business goal.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Contracting officers shall verify the contractor’s representation (e.g., by checking the System for Award Management) prior to exercising an option on a contract awarded under the Demonstration Project.  Contracting officers may exercise the option if the contractor has represented that it is not an eligible contractor; however, the contract shall no longer be counted toward DoD’s small disadvantaged business goal.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
