<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_227.7200" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">227.7200</ph> Scope of subpart.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">This subpart—</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  Prescribes policies and procedures for the acquisition of computer software and computer software documentation, and the rights to use, modify, reproduce, release, perform, display, or disclose such software or documentation.  It implements requirements in the following laws and Executive Order:</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  10 U.S.C. 2302(4).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  10 U.S.C. 2305 (subsection (d)(4)).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  10 U.S.C. 2320.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4)  10 U.S.C. 2321.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5)  10 U.S.C. 2325.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6)  Executive Order 12591 (subsection 1(b)(6)).</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  Does not apply to— </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Computer software or computer software documentation acquired under GSA schedule contracts; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Releases of computer software or computer software documentation to litigation support contractors (see subpart 204.74).</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
