<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2" domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS_227.7009-2" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">227.7009-2</ph> Clauses to be used when applicable.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Release of past infringement.</i> The clause at <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref " base="DFARS-252.227-7001" href="252.227-7001.dita#DFARS_252.227-7001">252.227-7001</xref>, Release of Past Infringement, is an example which may be modified or omitted as appropriate for particular circumstances, but only upon the advice of cognizant patent or legal counsel. (See footnotes at end of clause.)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Readjustment of payments.</i> The clause at <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref " base="DFARS-252.227-7002" href="252.227-7002.dita#DFARS_252.227-7002">252.227-7002</xref>, Readjustment of Payments, shall be inserted in contracts providing for payment of a running royalty.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Termination.</i> The clause at <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref " base="DFARS-252.227-7003" href="252.227-7003.dita#DFARS_252.227-7003">252.227-7003</xref>, Termination, is an example for use in contracts providing for the payment of a running royalty. This clause may be modified or omitted as appropriate for particular circumstances, but only upon the advice of cognizant patent or legal counsel (see <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref " base="DFARS-227.7004" href="227.7004.dita#DFARS_227.7004">227.7004</xref>(c)).</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
