<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_227.7103-7"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">227.7103-7</ph> Use and non-disclosure agreement.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  Except as provided in paragraph (b) of this subsection, technical data or computer software delivered to the Government with restrictions on use, modification, reproduction, release, performance, display, or disclosure may not be provided to third parties unless the intended recipient completes and signs the use and non-disclosure agreement at paragraph (c) of this subsection prior to release, or disclosure of the data.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  The specific conditions under which an intended recipient will be authorized to use, modify, reproduce, release, perform, display, or disclose technical data subject to limited rights or computer software subject to restricted rights must be stipulated in an attachment to the use and non-disclosure agreement.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  For an intended release, disclosure, or authorized use of technical data or computer software subject to special license rights, modify paragraph (1)(d) of the use and non-disclosure agreement to enter the conditions, consistent with the license requirements, governing the recipient's obligations regarding use, modification, reproduction, release, performance, display or disclosure of the data or software.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  The requirement for use and non-disclosure agreements does not apply to Government contractors which require access to a third party's data or software for the performance of a Government contract that contains the clause at 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="i1382915"
                  href="252.227-7025.dita#DFARS_252.227-7025">252.227-7025</xref>
            , Limitations on the Use or Disclosure of Government-Furnished Information Marked with Restrictive Legends.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  The prescribed use and non-disclosure agreement is:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "/>
         <table frame="all" colsep="0" rowsep="0" class="- topic/table ">
            <tgroup cols="1"
                    colsep="0"
                    rowsep="0"
                    outputclass="Table"
                    class="- topic/tgroup ">
               <colspec colnum="1"
                        colname="1"
                        colwidth="100*"
                        colsep="0"
                        class="- topic/colspec "
                        rowheader="headers"/>
               <tbody class="- topic/tbody ">
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">Use and Non-Disclosure Agreement</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p "/>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">The undersigned, __________(Insert Name)__________, an authorized representative of the __________(Insert Company Name)__________, (which is hereinafter referred to as the “Recipient”) requests the Government to provide the Recipient with technical data or computer software (hereinafter referred to as “Data”) in which the Government's use, modification, reproduction, release, performance, display or disclosure rights are restricted.  Those Data are identified in an attachment to this Agreement.  In consideration for receiving such Data, the Recipient agrees to use the Data strictly in accordance with this Agreement:</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p "/>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">	(1)  The Recipient shall—</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p "/>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">		(a)  Use, modify, reproduce, release, perform, display, or disclose Data marked with government purpose rights or SBIR data rights legends only for government purposes and shall not do so for any commercial purpose.  The Recipient shall not release, perform, display, or disclose these Data, without the express written permission of the contractor whose name appears in the restrictive legend (the “Contractor”), to any person other than its subcontractors or suppliers, or prospective subcontractors or suppliers, who require these Data to submit offers for, or perform, contracts with the Recipient.  The Recipient shall require its subcontractors or suppliers, or prospective subcontractors or suppliers, to sign a use and non-disclosure agreement prior to disclosing or releasing these Data to such persons.  Such agreement must be consistent with the terms of this agreement.</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p "/>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">		(b)  Use, modify, reproduce, release, perform, display, or disclose technical data marked with limited rights legends only as specified in the attachment to this Agreement.  Release, performance, display, or disclosure to other persons is not authorized unless specified in the attachment to this Agreement or expressly permitted in writing by the Contractor.  The Recipient shall promptly notify the Contractor of the execution of this Agreement and identify the Contractor's Data that has been or will be provided to the Recipient, the date and place the Data were or will be received, and the name and address of the Government office that has provided or will provide the Data.</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p "/>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">		(c)  Use computer software marked with restricted rights legends only in performance of Contract Number __________(insert contract number(s))__________.  The recipient shall not, for example, enhance, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer the software; time share, or use a computer program with more than one computer at a time.  The recipient may not release, perform, display, or disclose such software to others unless expressly permitted in writing by the licensor whose name appears in the restrictive legend.  The Recipient shall promptly notify the software licensor of the execution of this Agreement and identify the software that has been or will be provided to the Recipient, the date and place the software were or will be received, and the name and address of the Government office that has provided or will provide the software.</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">		(d)  Use, modify, reproduce, release, perform, display, or disclose Data marked with special license rights legends (To be completed by the contracting officer.  See 
                              <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                                 class="- topic/xref "
                                 base="i1379644"
                                 href="227.7103-7.dita#DFARS_227.7103-7">227.7103-7</xref>
                           (a)(2).  Omit if none of the Data requested is marked with special license rights legends).</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p "/>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">	(2)  The Recipient agrees to adopt or establish operating procedures and physical security measures designed to protect these Data from inadvertent release or disclosure to unauthorized third parties.</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p "/>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">	(3)  The Recipient agrees to accept these Data “as is” without any Government representation as to suitability for intended use or warranty whatsoever.  This disclaimer does not affect any obligation the Government may have regarding Data specified in a contract for the performance of that contract.</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p "/>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">	(4)  The Recipient may enter into any agreement directly with the Contractor with respect to the use, modification, reproduction, release, performance, display, or disclosure of these Data.</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p "/>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">	(5)  The Recipient agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Government, its agents, and employees from every claim or liability, including attorneys fees, court costs, and expenses arising out of, or in any way related to, the misuse or unauthorized modification, reproduction, release, performance, display, or disclosure of Data received from the Government with restrictive legends by the Recipient or any person to whom the Recipient has released or disclosed the Data.</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p "/>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">	(6)  The Recipient is executing this Agreement for the benefit of the Contractor.  The Contractor is a third party beneficiary of this Agreement who, in addition to any other rights it may have, is intended to have the rights of direct action against the Recipient or any other person to whom the Recipient has released or disclosed the Data, to seek damages from any breach of this Agreement or to otherwise enforce this Agreement.</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p "/>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">	(7)  The Recipient agrees to destroy these Data, and all copies of the Data in its possession, no later than 30 days after the date shown in paragraph (8) of this Agreement, to have all persons to whom it released the Data do so by that date, and to notify the Contractor that the Data have been destroyed.</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p "/>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">	(8)  This Agreement shall be effective for the period commencing with the Recipient's execution of this Agreement and ending upon _________(Insert Date)_________.  The obligations imposed by this Agreement shall survive the expiration or termination of the Agreement.</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p "/>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
               </tbody>
            </tgroup>
         </table>
         <p class="- topic/p "/>
         <table frame="all" colsep="0" rowsep="0" class="- topic/table ">
            <tgroup cols="2"
                    colsep="0"
                    rowsep="0"
                    outputclass="Table"
                    class="- topic/tgroup ">
               <colspec colnum="1"
                        colname="1"
                        colwidth="52*"
                        colsep="0"
                        class="- topic/colspec "
                        rowheader="headers"/>
               <colspec colnum="2"
                        colname="2"
                        colwidth="48*"
                        colsep="0"
                        class="- topic/colspec "
                        rowheader="headers"/>
               <tbody class="- topic/tbody ">
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">Recipient's Business Name</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">_________________________________</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p "/>
                     </entry>
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p "/>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">By____________________________ </p>
                        <p class="- topic/p ">Authorized Representative</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">_________________________________</p>
                        <p class="- topic/p ">Date</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p "/>
                     </entry>
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p "/>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">Representative’s Typed Name</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">_________________________________</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">and Title</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">_________________________________</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p "/>
                     </entry>
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p "/>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry " namest="1" nameend="2">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">(End of use and non-disclosure agreement)</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
               </tbody>
            </tgroup>
         </table>
         <p class="- topic/p "/>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
