<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept id="DFARS_227.7104-4" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title " rev="Revised January 17, 2025">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">227.7104-4</ph> Solicitation provisions and contract clauses.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List1"
            rev="Revised January 17, 2025">(a)(1) Use the clause at <xref href="http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/dfars/html/current/227_71.htm#227.7018"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.227-7018</xref>, Rights in Other Than Commercial Technical Data and Computer Software–Small Business Innovation Research Program and Small Business Technology Transfer Program, in solicitations and contracts, including solicitations and contracts using FAR part 12 procedures for the acquisition of commercial products and commercial services, when SBIR/STTR data are delivered, developed, or generated during contract performance, and when any portion of contract performance is governed by SBIR or STTR policies (e.g., performance of one or more subcontracts qualifies as a phase III SBIR or STTR award). See 227.7104-1(d) for guidance on contracts or subcontracts governed by SBIR or STTR policies.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised January 17, 2025"> (2) For the remainder of the technical data or computer software that is delivered, developed, or generated under the contract, use the following clauses as applicable, in accordance with the prescriptions for those clauses:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised January 17, 2025"> (i) 252.227-7013, Rights in Technical Data–Other Than Commercial Products and Commercial Services.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised January 17, 2025"> (ii) 252.227-7014, Rights in Other Than Commercial Computer Software and Other Than Commercial Computer Software Documentation.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised January 17, 2025"> (iii) 252.227-7015, Technical Data–Commercial Products and Commercial Services.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List1"
            rev="Revised January 17, 2025"> (b) Use the following provision in solicitations and the following clauses in solicitations and contracts that include the clause at <xref href="http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/dfars/html/current/227_71.htm#227.7018"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.227-7018</xref>, in accordance with the prescriptions for the provision and clauses:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised January 17, 2025"> (1) <xref href="http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/dfars/html/current/227_71.htm#227.7016"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.227-7016</xref>, Rights in Bid or Proposal Information.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised January 17, 2025"> (2) <xref href="http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/dfars/html/current/227_71.htm#227.7017"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.227-7017</xref>, Identification and Assertion of Use, Release, or Disclosure Restrictions.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised January 17, 2025"> (3) <xref href="http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/dfars/html/current/227_71.htm#227.7019"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.227-7019</xref>, Validation of Asserted Restrictions–Computer Software.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised January 17, 2025"> (4) <xref href="http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/dfars/html/current/227_71.htm#227.7025"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.227-7025</xref>, Limitations on the Use or Disclosure of Government-Furnished Information Marked with Restrictive Legends.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised January 17, 2025"> (5) <xref href="http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/dfars/html/current/227_71.htm#227.7028"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.227-7028</xref>, Technical Data or Computer Software Previously Delivered to the Government.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised January 17, 2025"> (6) <xref href="http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/dfars/html/current/227_71.htm#227.7030"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.227-7030</xref>, Technical Data–Withholding of Payment.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised January 17, 2025"> (7) <xref href="http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/dfars/html/current/227_71.htm#227.7037"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.227-7037</xref>, Validation of Restrictive Markings on Technical Data (paragraph (e) of the clause contains information that must be included in a challenge).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List1"
            rev="Revised January 17, 2025"> (c)(1) Use the provision at 252.227-7040, Additional Preaward Requirements for Small Business Technology Transfer Program, in solicitations that contain the clause at 252.227-7041.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised January 17, 2025"> (2) Use the clause at 252.227-7041, Additional Postaward Requirements for Small Business Technology Transfer Program, in solicitations and contracts, including solicitations and contracts using FAR part 12 procedures for the acquisition of commercial products and commercial services, for acquisitions under the STTR program.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
