<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-227.7004"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">227.7004</ph> Requirements for filing an administrative claim for patent infringement.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  A patent infringement claim for compensation, asserted against the United States under any of the applicable statutes cited in <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="DFARS-227.7002"
                     href="227.7002.dita#DFARS-227.7002">227.7002</xref>
            </ph>, must be actually communicated to and received by a Department, agency, organization, office, or field establishment within the Department of Defense.  Claims must be in writing and should include the following:</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  An allegation of infringement;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  A request for compensation, either expressed or implied;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  A citation of the patent or patents alleged to be infringed; </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4)  A sufficient designation of the alleged infringing item or process to permit identification, giving the military or commercial designation, if known, to the claimant;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5)  A designation of at least one claim of each patent alleged to be infringed; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6)  As an alternative to (a)(4) and (5) of this section, a declaration that the claimant has made a bona fide attempt to determine the item or process which is alleged to infringe, but was unable to do so, giving reasons, and stating a reasonable basis for his belief that his patent or patents are being infringed.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  In addition to the information listed in (a) above, the following material and information is generally necessary in the course of processing a claim of patent infringement.  Claimants are encouraged to furnish this information at the time of filing a claim to permit the most expeditious processing and settlement of the claim.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  A copy of the asserted patent(s) and identification of all claims of the patent alleged to be infringed.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Identification of all procurements known to claimant which involve the alleged infringing item or process, including the identity of the vendor or contractor and the Government procuring activity.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  A detailed identification of the accused article or process, particularly where the article or process relates to a component or subcomponent of the item procured, an element by element comparison of the representative claims with the accused article or process.  If available, this identification should include documentation and drawings to illustrate the accused article or process in suitable detail to enable verification of the infringement comparison.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4)  Names and addresses of all past and present licenses under the patent(s), and copies of all license agreements and releases involving the patent(s).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5)  A brief description of all litigation in which the patent(s) has been or is now involved, and the present status thereof.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6)  A list of all persons to whom notices of infringement have been sent, including all departments and agencies of the Government, and a statement of the ultimate disposition of each.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(7)  A description of Government employment or military service, if any, by the inventor and/or patent owner.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(8)  A list of all Government contracts under which the inventor, patent owner, or anyone in privity with him performed work relating to the patented subject matter.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(9)  Evidence of title to the patent(s) alleged to be infringed or other right to make the claim.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(10)  A copy of the Patent Office file of each patent if available to claimant.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(11)  Pertinent prior art known to claimant, not contained in the Patent Office file, particularly publications and foreign art.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">In addition in the foregoing, if claimant can provide a statement that the investigation may be limited to the specifically identified accused articles or processes, or to a specific procurement, it may materially expedite determination of the claim.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  Any department receiving an allegation of patent infringement which meets the requirements of this paragraph shall acknowledge the same and supply the other departments that may have an interest therein with a copy of such communication and the acknowledgement thereof.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  For the Department of the Army—Chief, Patents, Copyrights, and Trademarks Division, U.S. Army Legal Services Agency;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  For the Department of the Navy—the Patent Counsel for Navy, Office of Naval Research;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  For the Department of the Air Force—Chief, Patents Division, Office of the Judge Advocate General;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4)  For the Defense Logistics Agency—the Office of Counsel; </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5)  For the National Security Agency— the General Counsel;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6)  For the Defense Information Systems Agency—the Counsel;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(7)  For the Defense Threat Reduction Agency—the General Counsel; and </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(8)  For the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency—the Counsel.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)  If a communication alleging patent infringement is received which does not meet the requirements set forth in paragraph (c) of this section, the sender shall be advised in writing—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  That his claim for infringement has not been satisfactorily presented, and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Of the elements considered necessary to establish a claim.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e)  A communication making a proffer of a license in which no infringement is alleged shall not be considered as a claim for infringement.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
