<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="DFARS-228.370"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">228.370</ph> Additional clauses.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) Use the clause at <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref href="252.228-7000.dita#DFARS-252.228-7000"
                     base="i1383049"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref ">252.228-7000</xref>
            </ph>, Reimbursement
for War-Hazard Losses, when—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) The clause at <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR
52.228-4</ph>, Worker's Compensation and War-Hazard Insurance Overseas,
is used; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) The head of the contracting activity
decides not to allow the contractor to buy insurance for war-hazard
losses.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)(1) Use the clause at <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref href="252.228-7001.dita#DFARS-252.228-7001"
                     base="i1383054"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref ">252.228-7001</xref>
            </ph>, Ground
and Flight Risk, in all solicitations and contracts for the acquisition,
development, production, modification, maintenance, repair, flight,
or overhaul of aircraft, except those solicitations and contracts–</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) That are strictly for activities incidental
to the normal operations of the aircraft (e.g., refueling operations,
minor non-structural actions not requiring towing such as replacing
aircraft tires due to wear and tear);</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) That are awarded under <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR Part 12</ph> procedures and are for the
acquisition, development, production, modification, maintenance,
repair, flight, or overhaul of aircraft; or otherwise involving
the furnishing of aircraft;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) For which a non-DoD customer (including
a foreign military sales customer) has not agreed to assume the
risk for loss or destruction of, or damages to, the aircraft; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) For commercial derivative aircraft
that are to be maintained to Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
airworthiness when the work will be performed at a licensed FAA
repair station.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) The clause at <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref href="252.228-7001.dita#DFARS-252.228-7001"
                     base="i1383054"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref ">252.228-7001</xref>
            </ph> may
be modified only as follows:</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Include a modified definition of “aircraft”
if the contract covers other than conventional types of winged aircraft, i.e.,
helicopters, vertical take-off or landing aircraft, lighter-than-air
airships, unmanned aerial vehicles, or other nonconventional aircraft.
The modified definition should describe a stage of manufacture comparable
to the standard definition.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Modify “in the open” to include “hush
houses,” test hangars and comparable structures, and other designated
areas.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Expressly define the “contractor's
premises” where the aircraft will be located during and for contract
performance. These locations may include contract premises which
are owned or leased by the contractor or subcontractor, or premises
where the contractor or subcontractor is a permittee or licensee
or has a right to use, including Government airfields.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) Revise paragraph (e)(3) of the clause
to provide Government assumption of risk for transportation by conveyance on
streets or highways when transportation is—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Limited to the vicinity of contractor
premises; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Incidental to work performed under
the contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) Follow the procedures at PGI <ph xtrc="PGIxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref href="PGI_228.370.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_228.370"
                     base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_228.370"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref ">228.370</xref>
            </ph>(b)
when using the clause at <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref href="252.228-7001.dita#DFARS-252.228-7001"
                     base="i1383054"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref ">252.228-7001</xref>
            </ph>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) The clause at <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref href="252.228-7003.dita#DFARS-252.228-7003"
                     base="i1383091"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref ">252.228-7003</xref>
            </ph>, Capture
and Detention, may be used when contractor employees are subject
to capture and detention and may not be covered by the War Hazards
Compensation Act (42 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.).</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d) Use the clause at <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref href="252.228-7005.dita#DFARS-252.228-7005"
                     base="i1383101"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref ">252.228-7005</xref>
            </ph>, Mishap
Reporting and Investigation Involving Aircraft, Missiles, and Space
Launch Vehicles, in solicitations and contracts that involve the
manufacture, modification, overhaul, or repair of aircraft, missiles, and
space launch vehicles.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e) Use the clause at <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref href="252.228-7006.dita#DFARS-252.228-7006"
                     base="i1383106"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref ">252.228-7006</xref>
            </ph>, Compliance
with Spanish Laws and Insurance, in solicitations and contracts
for services or construction to be performed in Spain, unless the
Contractor is a Spanish concern.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
