<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_231.205-70"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">231.205-70</ph> External restructuring costs.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Scope.  </i>This subsection—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Prescribes policies and procedures for allowing contractor external restructuring costs when savings would result for DoD; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Implements 10 U.S.C. 2325.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definitions.  </i>As used in this subsection:</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  “Business combination” means a transaction whereby assets or operations of two or more companies not previously under common ownership or control are combined, whether by merger, acquisition, or sale/purchase of assets.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  “External restructuring activities” means restructuring activities occurring after a business combination that affect the operations of companies not previously under common ownership or control.  They do not include restructuring activities occurring after a business combination that affect the operations of only one of the companies not previously under common ownership or control, or, when there has been no business combination, restructuring activities undertaken within one company.  External restructuring activities are a direct outgrowth of a business combination.  They normally will be initiated within 3 years of the business combination.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  “Restructuring activities” means nonroutine, nonrecurring, or extraordinary activities to combine facilities, operations, or workforce, in order to eliminate redundant capabilities, improve future operations, and reduce overall costs.  Restructuring activities do not include routine or ongoing repositionings and redeployments of a contractor’s productive facilities or workforce (e.g., normal plant rearrangement or employee relocation), nor do they include other routine or ordinary activities charged as indirect costs that would otherwise have been incurred (e.g., planning and analysis, contract administration and oversight, or recurring financial and administrative support).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4)  “Restructuring costs” means the costs, including both direct and indirect, of restructuring activities.  Restructuring costs that may be allowed include, but are not limited to, severance pay for employees, early retirement incentive payments for employees, employee retraining costs, relocation expense for retained employees, and relocation and rearrangement of plant and equipment.  For purposes of this definition, if restructuring costs associated with external restructuring activities allocated to DoD contracts are less than $2.5 million, the costs shall not be subject to the audit, review, and determination requirements of paragraph (c)(4) of this subsection; instead, the normal rules for determining cost allowability in accordance with FAR Part 31 shall apply.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5)  “Restructuring savings” means cost reductions, including both direct and indirect cost reductions, that result from restructuring activities.  Reassignments of cost to future periods are not restructuring savings.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Limitations on cost allowability.</i>  Restructuring costs associated with external restructuring activities shall not be allowed unless—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Such costs are allowable in accordance with FAR Part 31 and DFARS Part 231;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  An audit of projected restructuring costs and restructuring savings is performed;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  The cognizant administrative contracting officer (ACO) reviews the audit report and the projected costs and projected savings, and negotiates an advance agreement in accordance with paragraph (d) of this subsection; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4)(i)  The official designated in paragraph (c)(4)(ii) of this subsection determines in writing that the audited projected savings, on a present value basis, for DoD resulting from the restructuring will exceed either—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  The costs allowed by a factor of at least two to one; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  The costs allowed, and the business combination will result in the preservation of a critical capability that might otherwise be lost to DoD.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)(A)  If the amount of restructuring costs is expected to exceed $25 million over a 5-year period, the designated official is the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics) or the Principal Deputy.  This authority may not be delegated below the level of an Assistant Secretary of Defense.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  For all other cases, the designated official is the Director of the Defense Contract Management Agency.  The Director may not delegate this authority.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Procedures and ACO responsibilities.</i>As soon as it is known that the contractor will incur restructuring costs for external restructuring activities, the cognizant ACO shall follow the procedures at PGI 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_231.205-70"
                  href="PGI_231.205-70.dita#DFARS_PGI_PGI_231.205-70"
                  xtrc="231.205-70">231.205-70</xref>
            (d).</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Information needed to obtain a determination.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  The novation agreement (if one is required).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  The contractor’s restructuring proposal.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  The proposed advance agreement.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4)  The audit report.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5)  Any other pertinent information.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6)  The cognizant ACO’s recommendation for a determination.  This recommendation must clearly indicate one of the following, consistent with paragraph (c)(4)(i) of this subsection:</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  The audited projected savings for DoD will exceed the costs allowed by a factor of at least two to one on a present value basis.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  The business combination will result in the preservation of a critical capability that might otherwise be lost to DoD, and the audited projected savings for DoD will exceed the costs allowed on a present value basis.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(f)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Contracting officer responsibilities.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  The contracting officer, in consultation with the cognizant ACO, should consider including a repricing clause in noncompetitive fixed-price contracts that are negotiated during the period between—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  The time a business combination is announced; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  The time the contractor’s forward pricing rates are adjusted to reflect the impact of restructuring.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  The decision to use a repricing clause will depend upon the particular circumstances involved, including—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  When the restructuring will take place;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  When restructuring savings will begin to be realized;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii)  The contract performance period;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv)  Whether the contracting parties are able to make a reasonable estimate of the impact of restructuring on the contract; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(v)  The size of the potential dollar impact of restructuring on the contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  If the contracting officer decides to use a repricing clause, the clause must provide for a downward-only price adjustment to ensure that DoD receives its appropriate share of restructuring net savings.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
