<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_232.102-70" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">232.102-70</ph> Provisional delivery payments.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  The contracting officer may establish provisional delivery payments to pay contractors for the costs of supplies and services delivered to and accepted by the Government under the following contract actions, if undefinitized:</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Letter contracts contemplating a fixed-price contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Orders under basic ordering agreements.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  Spares provisioning documents annexed to contracts. </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4)  Unpriced equitable adjustments on fixed-price contracts.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5)  Orders under indefinite-delivery contracts.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  Provisional delivery payments shall be—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Used sparingly;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Priced conservatively; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  Reduced by liquidating previous progress payments in accordance with the Progress Payments clause.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  Provisional delivery payments shall not—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Include profit;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Exceed funds obligated for the undefinitized contract action; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  Influence the definitized contract price.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
