<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_232.206"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">232.206</ph> Solicitation provisions and contract clauses.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(f)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Prompt payment for commercial purchase payments.</i>  The contracting officer shall incorporate the following standard prompt payment terms for commercial item contract financing:</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Commercial advance payments:</i>  The contractor entitlement date specified in the contract, or 30 days after receipt by the designated billing office of a proper request for payment, whichever is later.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Commercial interim payments:</i>  The contractor entitlement date specified in the contract, or 14 days after receipt by the designated billing office of a proper request for payment, whichever is later.  The prompt payment standards for commercial delivery payments shall be the same as specified in FAR Subpart 32.9 for invoice payments for the item delivered.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(g)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Installment payment financing for commercial items.</i>  Installment payment financing shall not be used for DoD contracts, unless market research has established that this form of contract financing is both appropriate and customary in the commercial marketplace.  When installment payment financing is used, the contracting officer shall use the ceiling percentage of contract price that is customary in the particular marketplace (not to exceed the maximum rate established in FAR 52.232-30).</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
