<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS_236.606-70"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">236.606-70</ph> Statutory fee limitation.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p id="ZAGNAe" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) 10 U.S.C. 7540, 8612, and 9540 limit the
contract price (or fee) for architect-engineer services for the
preparation of designs, plans, drawings, and specifications to six
percent of the project's estimated construction cost.</p>
         <p id="XPwOAw" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) The six percent limit
also applies to contract modifications, including modifications
involving—</p>
         <p id="gVQMVk" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Work not initially included
in the contract. Apply the six percent limit to the revised total
estimated construction cost.</p>
         <p id="JeiOwj" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Redesign.</i> Apply
the six percent limit as follows—</p>
         <p id="MLlEoq" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Add the estimated construction
cost of the redesign features to the original estimated construction
cost;</p>
         <p id="RKXhfi" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Add the contract cost
for the original design to the contract cost for redesign; and</p>
         <p id="pOqxaD" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Divide the total contract
design cost by the total estimated construction cost. The resulting
percentage may not exceed the six percent statutory limitation.</p>
         <p id="AwcQyM" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) The six percent limit
applies only to that portion of the contract (or modification) price
attributable to the preparation of designs, plans, drawings, and
specifications. If a contract or modification also includes other
services, the part of the price attributable to the other services
is not subject to the six percent limit.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
