<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-237.7602"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">237.7602</ph> Policy.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  Contractors providing services designated as essential contractorservices shall be prepared to continue providing such services, in accordance withthe terms and conditions of their contracts, during periods of crisis.  As a general rule, the designation of services as essential contractor services will not apply to an entire contract but will apply only to those service functions that have been specifically identified as essential contractor services by the functional commander or civilian equivalent.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  Contractors who provide Government-determined essential contractor services shall provide a written plan to be incorporated in the contract to ensure the continuation of these services in crisis situations.  Contracting officers shall consult with a functional manager to assess the sufficiency of the contractor-provided written plan.  Contractors will activate such plans only during periods of crisis, as authorized by the contracting officer, who does so at the direction of the appropriate functional commander or civilian equivalent.  </p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  The contracting officer shall follow the procedures at PGI <ph xtrc="PGIxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_207.105"
                     href="PGI_207.105.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_207.105">207.105</xref>
            </ph>(b)(20)(C) in preparing an acquisition plan.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Solicitation provision and contract clause.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)..Use the clause at <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="i1383682"
                     href="252.237-7023.dita#DFARS-252.237-7023">252.237-7023</xref>
            </ph>, Continuation of Essential Contractor Services in all solicitations and contracts for services that are in support of mission-essential functions.  </p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  Use the provision at <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="i1383692"
                     href="252.237-7024.dita#DFARS-252.237-7024">252.237-7024</xref>
            </ph>, Notice of Continuation of Essential Contractor Services in all solicitations for services that include the clause <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="i1383682"
                     href="252.237-7023.dita#DFARS-252.237-7023">252.237-7023</xref>
            </ph>.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
