<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-237.7101"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">237.7101</ph> Solicitation provisions and contract clauses.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  Use the provision at <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="i1383617"
                     href="252.237-7012.dita#DFARS-252.237-7012">252.237-7012</xref>
            </ph>, Instruction to Offerors (Count-of-Articles), in solicitations for laundry and dry cleaning services to be provided on a count-of-articles basis.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  Use the provision at <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="i1383622"
                     href="252.237-7013.dita#DFARS-252.237-7013">252.237-7013</xref>
            </ph>, Instruction to Offerors (Bulk Weight), in solicitations for laundry services to be provided on a bulk weight basis.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  Use the clause at <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="i1383627"
                     href="252.237-7014.dita#DFARS-252.237-7014">252.237-7014</xref>
            </ph>, Loss or Damage (Count-of-Articles), in solicitations and contracts for laundry and dry cleaning services to be provided on a count-of-articles basis.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)  Use the clause at <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="i1383632"
                     href="252.237-7015.dita#DFARS-252.237-7015">252.237-7015</xref>
            </ph>, Loss or Damage (Weight of Articles), in solicitations and contracts for laundry and dry cleaning services to be provided on a bulk weight basis.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Insert a reasonable per pound price in paragraph (b) of the clause, based on the average per pound value.  When the contract requires laundry services on a bag type basis, insert reasonable per pound prices by bag type.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Insert an appropriate percentage in paragraph (e) of the clause, not to exceed eight percent.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e)  Use the basic or an alternate of the clause at <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="i1383637"
                     href="252.237-7016.dita#DFARS-252.237-7016">252.237-7016</xref>
            </ph>, Delivery Tickets, in all solicitations and contracts for laundry and dry cleaning services.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Use the basic clause when services are not to be provided on a bulk weight basis.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Use the alternate I clause when services are for bag type laundry to be provided on a bulk weight basis.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  Use the alternate II clause when services are unsorted laundry to be provided on a bulk weight basis.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(f)  Use the clause at <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="i1383644"
                     href="252.237-7017.dita#DFARS-252.237-7017">252.237-7017</xref>
            </ph>, Individual Laundry, in solicitations and contracts for laundry and dry cleaning services to be provided to individual personnel.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Insert the number of pieces of outer garments in paragraphs (d)(1) and (2) of the clause.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  The number of pieces and composition of a bundle in paragraphs (d)(1) and (2) of the clause may be modified to meet local conditions.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(g)  Use the clause at <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="i1383649"
                     href="252.237-7018.dita#DFARS-252.237-7018">252.237-7018</xref>
            </ph>, Special Definitions of Government Property, in all solicitations and contracts for laundry and dry cleaning services.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
