<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-239.7402"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">239.7402</ph> Policy.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Acquisition.</i>  DoD policy is to acquire telecommunications services from common and noncommon telecommunications carriers—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  On a competitive basis, except when acquisition using other than full and open competition is justified;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Recognizing the regulations, practices, and decisions of the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) and other governmental regulatory bodies on rates, cost principles, and accounting practices; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  Making provision in telecommunications services contracts for adoption of—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  FCC approved practices; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  The generally accepted practices of the industry on those issues concerning common carrier services where—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  The governmental regulatory body has not expressed itself;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  The governmental regulatory body has declined jurisdiction; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C)  There is no governmental regulatory body to decide.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Security.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  The contracting officer shall ensure, in accordance with agency procedures, that purchase requests identify—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  The nature and extent of information requiring security during telecommunications;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  The requirement for the contractor to secure telecommunications systems;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii)  The telecommunications security equipment, devices, techniques, or services with which the contractor's telecommunications security equipment, devices, techniques, or services must be interoperable; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv)  The approved telecommunications security equipment, devices, techniques, or services, such as found in the National Security Agency's Information Systems Security Products and Services Catalogue.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Contractors and subcontractors shall provide all telecommunications security techniques or services required for performance of Government contracts.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  Except as provided in paragraph (b)(4) of this section, contractors and subcontractors shall normally provide all required property, to include telecommunications security equipment or related devices, in accordance with FAR 45.102.  In some cases, such as for communications security (COMSEC) equipment designated as controlled cryptographic item (CCI), contractors or subcontractors must also meet ownership eligibility conditions.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4)  The head of the agency may authorize provision of the necessary property as Government-furnished property or acquisition as contractor-acquired property, as long as conditions of FAR 45.102(b) are met.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Foreign carriers</i>.  For information on contracting with foreign carriers, see PGI 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_239.7402"
                  href="PGI_239.7402.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_239.7402"
                  xtrc="239.7402">PGI 239.7402</xref>
            (c).</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i "> Long-haul telecommunications services</i>.  When there is a requirement for procurement of long-haul telecommunications services, follow PGI 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_239.7402"
                  href="PGI_239.7402.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_239.7402"
                  xtrc="239.7402">PGI 239.7402</xref>
            (d).</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
