<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_241.202" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">241.202</ph> Procedures.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Connection and service charges.  </i>The Government may pay a connection charge when required to cover the cost of the necessary connecting facilities.  A connection charge based on the estimated labor cost of installing and removing the facility shall not include salvage cost.  A lump-sum connection charge shall be no more than the agreed cost of the connecting facilities less net salvage.  The order of precedence for contractual treatment of connection and service charges is—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  No connection charge.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  Termination liability.  Use when an obligation is necessary to secure the required services.  The obligation must be not more than the agreed connection charge, less any net salvage material costs.   Use of a termination liability instead of a connection charge requires the approval of the service power procurement officer or designee.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii)  Connection charge, refundable.  Use a refundable connection charge when the supplier refuses to provide the facilities based on lack of capital or published rules which prohibit providing up-front funding.  The contract should provide for refund of the connection charge within five years unless a longer period or omission of the refund requirement is authorized by the service power procurement officer or designee.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv)  Connection and service charges, nonrefundable.  The Government may pay certain nonrefundable, nonrecurring charges including service initiation charges, a contribution in aid of construction, membership fees, and charges required by the supplier's rules and regulations to be paid by the customer.  If possible, consider sharing with other than Government users the use of (and costs for) facilities when large nonrefundable charges are required.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Construction and labor requirements.</i>Follow the procedures at PGI 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref " base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_241.202" href="PGI_241.202.dita#DFARS_PGI_PGI_241.202" xtrc="241.202">PGI 241.202</xref>
            (2) for construction and labor requirements associated with connection and service charges.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
