<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_242.803" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">242.803</ph> Disallowing costs after incurrence.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Contracting officer receipt of vouchers.  </i>Contracting officer receipt of vouchers is applicable only for cost-reimbursement contracts with the Canadian Commercial Corporation.  See 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref " base="i1378999" href="225.870-5.dita#DFARS_225.870-5">225.870-5</xref>
            (b) for invoice procedures.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Auditor receipt of voucher.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  The contract auditor is the authorized representative of the contracting officer for—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  Receiving vouchers from contractors electronically or by other delivery methods as directed by the terms of the contract;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  Approving interim vouchers, that were selected using sampling methodologies for provisional payment and sending them to the disbursing office after a pre-payment review.  Interim vouchers not selected for a pre-payment review will be considered to be provisionally approved and will be sent directly to the disbursing office.  All provisionally approved interim vouchers are subject to a later audit of actual costs incurred;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C)  Reviewing completion/final vouchers and sending them to the administrative contracting officer; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D)  Issuing DCAA Forms 1, Notice of Contract Costs Suspended and/or Disapproved, to deduct costs where allowability is questionable.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  The administrative contracting officer—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  Approves all completion/final vouchers and sends them to the disbursing officer; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  May issue or direct the issuance of DCAA Form 1 on any cost when there is reason to believe it should be suspended or disallowed.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
