<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS_242.302"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">242.302</ph> Contract administration functions.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)(7) See 
               <xref href="242.7502.dita#DFARS_242.7502"
                  base="DFARS-242.7502"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  xtrc="242.7502">242.7502</xref>
             for ACO responsibilities with regard to receipt of an audit report identifying significant accounting system or related internal control deficiencies.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(9) For additional contract administration functions related to IR&amp;D/B&amp;P projects performed by major contractors, see <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-242.771-3"
                  href="242.771-3.dita#DFARS_242.771-3"
                  xtrc="242.771-3">242.771-3</xref>(a).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(12) Also perform all payment administration in accordance with any applicable payment clauses.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(13)(A) Do not delegate the responsibility to make payments to the Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA).</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Follow the procedures at PGI 242.302(a)(13)(B) (DFARS/PGI view) for designation of payment offices.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(39) See 
               <xref href="223.370.dita#DFARS_223.370"
                  base="DFARS-223.370"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  xtrc="223.370">223.370</xref>
             for contract administration responsibilities on contracts for ammunition and explosives.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(67) Also support program offices and buying activities in precontractual efforts leading to a solicitation or award.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(S-70) Serve as the single point of contact for all Single Process Initiative (SPI) Management Council activities. The ACO shall negotiate and execute facility wide class modifications and agreements for SPI processes, when authorized by the affected components.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(S-71) DCMA has responsibility for reviewing earned value management system (EVMS) plans and for verifying initial and continuing contractor compliance with DoD EVMS criteria. The contracting officer shall not retain this function.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(S-72) Ensure implementation of the Synchronized Predeployment and Operational Tracker (SPOT) by the contractor and maintain surveillance over contractor compliance with SPOT business rules available at the website provided at PGI 
               <xref href="207.105.dita#DFARS_207.105"
                  base="DFARS-207.105"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  xtrc="207.105">207.105</xref>
            (b)(20)(C)(9) for contracts incorporating the clause at 
               <xref href="252.225-7040.dita#DFARS_252.225-7040"
                  base="i1382367"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  xtrc="252.225-7040">252.225-7040</xref>
            , Contractor Personnel Supporting U.S. Armed Forces Deployed Outside the United States. See PGI 
               <xref href="PGI_242.302.dita#DFARS_PGI_PGI_242.302"
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_242.302"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  xtrc="242.302">242.302</xref>
            (a)(S-72) for guidance on assessing contractor’s implementation of SPOT.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(S-73) Maintain surveillance over contractor compliance with trafficking in persons requirements for all DoD contracts for services incorporating the clause at FAR 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons, and, when necessary, its Alternate I, as identified in the clause prescription at FAR 22.1705. (See PGI 
               <xref href="PGI_222.1703.dita#DFARS_PGI_PGI_222.1703"
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_222.1703"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  xtrc="222.1703">222.1703</xref>
            .)</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(S-74) Approve or disapprove contractor business systems, as identified in the clause at 
               <xref href="252.242-7005.dita#DFARS_252.242-7005"
                  base="i1383876"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  xtrc="252.242-7005">252.242-7005</xref>
            , Contractor Business Systems.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(S-75) See PGI 
               <xref href="PGI_242.302.dita#DFARS_PGI_PGI_242.302"
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_242.302"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  xtrc="242.302">242.302</xref>
            (a)(S-75) for guidelines for monitoring contractor costs.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(S-76) Review and audit contractor identification of contractor-approved suppliers for the acquisition of electronic parts, as identified in the clause at 
               <xref href="252.246-7008.dita#DFARS_252.246-7008"
                  base="i1384099"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  xtrc="252.246-7008">252.246-7008</xref>
            , Sources of Electronic Parts.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)(S-70) Issue, negotiate, and execute orders under basic ordering agreements for overhaul, maintenance, and repair.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
