<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="DFARS_242.7203" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
      <title>
         <ph props="autonumber">242.7203</ph> Review procedures.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p outputclass="List1">(a)<i> Criteria for conducting reviews.</i>Conduct an MMAS review when—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) A contractor has $40 million of qualifying sales to the Government during the contractor's preceding fiscal year; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2) The administrative contracting officer (ACO), with advice from the auditor, determines an MMAS review is needed based on a risk assessment of the contractor's past experience and current vulnerability.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(b) <i>Qualifying sales</i>. Qualifying sales are sales for which certified cost or pricing data were required under 10 U.S.C. 2306a, as implemented in FAR 15.403, or that are contracts priced on other than a firm-fixed-price or fixed-price with economic price adjustment basis. Sales include prime contracts, subcontracts, and modifications to such contracts and subcontracts.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(c)<i> Disposition of findings</i>—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) <i>Reporting of findings</i>. The auditor or functional specialist shall document findings and recommendations in a report to the contracting officer. If the auditor or functional specialist identifies any significant MMAS deficiencies, the report shall describe the deficiencies in sufficient detail to allow the contracting officer to understand the deficiencies.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2) <i>Initial determination</i>. (i) The contracting officer shall review findings and recommendations and, if there are no significant deficiencies, shall promptly notify the contractor, in writing, that the contractor's MMAS is acceptable and approved; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(ii) If the contracting officer finds that there are one or more significant deficiencies (as defined in the clause at 
               <xref href="252.242-7004.dita#DFARS_252.242-7004" base="i1383859" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" xtrc="252.242-7004">252.242-7004</xref>
            , Material Management and Accounting System) due to the contractor’s failure to meet one or more of the MMAS system criteria in the clause at 
               <xref href="252.242-7004.dita#DFARS_252.242-7004" base="i1383859" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" xtrc="252.242-7004">252.242-7004</xref>
            , Material Management and Accounting System, the contracting officer shall—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4">(A) Promptly make an initial written determination on any significant deficiencies and notify the contractor, in writing, providing a description of each significant deficiency in sufficient detail to allow the contractor to understand the deficiency;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4">(B) Request the contractor to respond, in writing, to the initial determination within 30 days; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List4">(C) Promptly evaluate the contractor's response to the initial determination in consultation with the auditor or functional specialist, and make a final determination.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(3) <i>Final determination</i>. (i) The ACO shall make a final determination and notify the contractor that—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4">(A) The contractor's MMAS is acceptable and approved, and no deficiencies remain, or</p>
         <p outputclass="List4">(B) Significant deficiencies remain. The notice shall identify any remaining significant deficiencies, and indicate the adequacy of any proposed or completed corrective action. The contracting officer shall—</p>
         <p outputclass="List6">(<i>1</i>) Request that the contractor, within 45 days of receipt of the final determination, either correct the deficiencies or submit an acceptable corrective action plan showing milestones and actions to eliminate the deficiencies;</p>
         <p outputclass="List6">(<i>2</i>) Disapprove the system in accordance with the clause at 
               <xref href="252.242-7004.dita#DFARS_252.242-7004" base="i1383859" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" xtrc="252.242-7004">252.242-7004</xref>
            , Material Management and Accounting System; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List6">(<i>3</i>) Withhold payments in accordance with the clause at 
               <xref href="252.242-7005.dita#DFARS_252.242-7005" base="i1383876" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" xtrc="252.242-7005">252.242-7005</xref>
            , Contractor Business Systems, if the clause is included in the contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(ii) Follow the procedures relating to monitoring a contractor's corrective action and the correction of significant deficiencies in PGI 
               <xref href="PGI_242.7203.dita#DFARS_PGI_PGI_242.7203" base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_242.7203" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" xtrc="242.7203">242.7203</xref>
            .</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(d) <i>System approval</i>. The contracting officer shall promptly approve a previously disapproved MMAS and notify the contractor when the contracting officer determines that there are no remaining significant deficiencies.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(e) <i>Contracting officer notifications</i>. The cognizant contracting officer shall promptly distribute copies of a determination to approve a system, disapprove a system and withhold payments, or approve a previously disapproved system and release withheld payments to the auditor; payment office; affected contracting officers at the buying activities; and cognizant contracting officers in contract administration activities.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
