<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-245.302"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">245.302</ph> Contracts with foreign governments or international organizations.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">General.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Approval</i>.  A contractor may use Government property on work for foreign governments and international organizations only when approved in writing by the contracting officer having cognizance of the property.  The contracting officer may grant approval, provided—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  The use will not interfere with foreseeable requirements of the United States;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  The work is undertaken as a DoD foreign military sale; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C)  For a direct commercial sale, the foreign country or international organization would be authorized to contract with the department concerned under the Arms Export Control Act.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Use charges</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  The Use and Charges clause is applicable on direct commercial sales to foreign governments or international organizations.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  When a particular foreign government or international organization has funded the acquisition of property, do not assess the foreign government or international organization rental charges or nonrecurring recoupments for the use of such property.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Special tooling and special test equipment</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  DoD normally recovers a fair share of nonrecurring costs of special tooling and special test equipment by including these costs in its calculation of the nonrecurring cost recoupment charge when major defense equipment is sold by foreign military sales or direct commercial sales to foreign governments or international organizations.  “Major defense equipment” is defined in DoD Directive 2140.2, Recoupment of Nonrecurring Costs on Sales of U.S. Items, as any item of significant military equipment on the United States Munitions List having a nonrecurring research, development, test, and evaluation cost of more than $50 million or a total production cost of more than $200 million.  </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  When the cost thresholds in paragraph (2)(i) of this section are not met, the contracting officer shall assess rental charges for use of special tooling and special test equipment pursuant to the Use and Charges clause if administratively practicable.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Waivers.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  Rental charges for use of U.S. production and research property on commercial sales transactions to the Government of Canada are waived for all commercial contracts.  This waiver is based on an understanding wherein the Government of Canada has agreed to waive its rental charges.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  Requests for waiver or reduction of charges for the use of Government property on work for foreign governments or international organizations shall be submitted to the contracting officer, who is authorized to approve the requests in consultation with the appropriate functional specialist.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
