<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"><concept id="DFARS_245.102" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">245.102</ph> Policy.</title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><p class="- topic/p ">See the policy guidance at PGI <xref href="PGI_245.102-70.dita#DFARS_PGI_245.102-70" base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_245.102-70" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref " xtrc="245.102-70">245.102-70</xref> .</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(1) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Mapping, charting, and geodesy property</i>.
All Government-furnished mapping, charting, and geodesy (MC&amp;G)
property is under the control of the Director, National Geospatial
Intelligence Agency.</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(i) MC&amp;G property shall not be duplicated,
copied, or otherwise reproduced for purposes other than those necessary for
contract performance.</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(ii) Upon completion of contract performance,
the contracting officer shall—</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List4">(A) Contact the Director, National Geospatial-Intelligence
Agency, 7500 Geoint Drive, Springfield, VA 22150, for disposition
instructions;</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List4">(B) Direct the contractor to destroy or
return all Government-furnished MC&amp;G property not consumed during
contract performance; and</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List4">(C) Specify the destination and means of
shipment for property to be returned to the Government.</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> (2) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Government supply sources</i>. When a
            contractor will be responsible for preparing requisitioning
            documentation to acquire Government-furnished property (GFP) from Government supply
            sources, include in the contract the requirement to prepare the
            documentation in accordance with DLM 4000.25, Defense Logistics
            Management Standards (DLMS), Volume 2, Supply Standards and
            Procedures. Copies are available from the address cited at <xref href="http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/pgi/pgi_htm/PGI251_1.htm#251.102" format="html" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">PGI 251.102</xref>.</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(3) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Acquisition and management of industrial
resources</i>. See Subpart 237.75 for policy relating to facilities
projects.</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(4) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">
               GFP identification.</i>
         </p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3"> (i) It is DoD policy that GFP be tagged, labeled, or
            marked based on DoD marking standards (MIL Standard 130) or other
            standards, when the requiring activity determines that such items
            are subject to serialized item management (serially-managed items).
            The list of GFP subject to serialized item
            management will be identified in the contract in accordance with <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" href="#DFARS_245.102" class="- topic/xref ">245.102</xref>, Government-furnished
            property attachments to solicitations and awards.</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(ii) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Exceptions.</i> The Contractor
will not be required to tag, label, or mark—</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List4">(A) GFP that was previously tagged,
            labeled, or marked;</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List4">(B) Items, as determined by the head of
the agency, that are to be used to support a contingency operation;
or to facilitate defense against or recovery from nuclear, biological,
chemical, or radiological attack;</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List4">(C) Items for which a determination and findings has been executed concluding that it is more cost effective for the Government requiring activity to assign, mark, and register the unique item identification after delivery of an item acquired from a small business concern or a commercial product acquired under FAR part 12 or part 8.</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List6">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) The determination and findings
shall be executed by—</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List7">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">i</i>) The Component Acquisition Executive
for an Acquisition Category (ACAT) I program; or</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List7">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ii</i>) The head of the contracting
activity for all other programs.</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List6">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) A copy of the executed determination and findings shall be provided to the Office of the Principal Director, <ph rev="Revised July 29, 2024" class="- topic/ph ">Defense Pricing, Contracting, and Acquisition Policy</ph> (Contracting eBusiness) via email at osd.pentagon.ousd-a-s.mbx.dpc-cb@mail.mil.</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List4">(D) Items that are contractor-acquired
property;</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List4">(E) Property under any statutory leasing
authority;</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List4">(F) Property to which the Government has
acquired a lien or title solely because of partial, advance, progress,
or performance-based payments;</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List4">(G) Intellectual property or software;
or</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List4">(H) Real property.</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(5) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Reporting loss of Government
            property.</i>
             It is DoD policy that all Government
            property be reported in the GFP module or Wide Area WorkFlow module
            of the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) as
            required by the clause at 252.245-7005, Management and Reporting of
            Government Property.
         </p></conbody></concept></dita>