<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2" domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS_245.604-1" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">245.604-1</ph> Sales procedures.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(1) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Best value sales approach.</i> Plant
clearance officers shall determine a best value sales approach (formal
or informal sales), to include due consideration for costs, risks,
and benefits, e.g., potential sales proceeds.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(2) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Informal bid procedures</i>. The
plant clearance officer may direct the contractor to issue informal
invitations for bid (orally, telephonically, or by other informal
media), provided—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(i) Maximum practical competition is obtained;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Sources solicited are recorded; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Informal bids are confirmed in writing.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(3) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Sale approval and award</i>. Plant
clearance officers shall—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(i) Evaluate bids to establish that the
sale price is fair and reasonable, taking into consideration—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(A) Knowledge or tests of the market;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(B) Current published prices for the property;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(C) The nature, condition, quantity, and
location of the property; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(D) Past sale history for like or similar
items;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Approve award to the responsible bidder
whose bid is most advantageous to the Government. The plant clearance
officer shall not approve award to any bidder who is an ineligible
transferee, as defined in <xref href="252.245-7004.dita#DFARS_252.245-7004" base="i1383979" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref ">252.245-7004</xref> , Reporting,
Reutilization, and Disposal; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Notify the contractor of the bidder
to whom an award will be made within 5 working days from receipt
of bids.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(4) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Noncompetitive sales</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(i) Noncompetitive sales include purchases
or retention at less than cost by the contractor. Noncompetitive
sales may be made when—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(A) The plant clearance officer determines
that this method is essential to expeditious plant clearance; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(B) The Government's interests are adequately
protected.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Noncompetitive sales shall be at fair
and reasonable prices, not less than those reasonably expected under
competitive sales.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Conditions justifying noncompetitive
sales are—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(A) No acceptable bids are received under
competitive sale;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(B) Anticipated sales proceeds do not warrant
competitive sale;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(C) Specialized nature of the property
would not create bidder interest;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(D) Removal of the property would reduce
its value or result in disproportionate handling expenses; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(E) Such action is essential to the Government's
interests.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(5) Plant clearance officers shall consider
any special disposal requirements such as demilitarization or trade
security control requirements in accordance with DoDM 4160.28-M,
Defense Demilitarization Manual, and DoDI 2030.08, Implementation
of Trade Security Controls, respectively. See PGI <xref href="PGI_245.6.dita#DFARS_SUBPART_PGI_245_6" base="i1497741" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref ">245.6</xref>.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
