<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="DFARS-246.710"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">246.710</ph> 
         <ph rev="Revised October 29, 2021" class="- topic/ph ">C</ph>ontract clauses.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Use a clause substantially
the same as the basic or one of the alternates of the clause at <xref href="252.246-7001.dita#DFARS-252.246-7001"
                  base="i1384018"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.246-7001</xref> , Warranty
of Data, in solicitations and contracts that include the clause
at <xref href="252.227-7013.dita#DFARS-252.227-7013"
                  base="i1382636"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.227-7013</xref> , Rights
in Technical Data and Computer Software, when there is a need for
greater protection or period of liability than provided by the inspection
and warranty clauses prescribed in FAR part 46.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Use the basic clause in solicitations
and contracts that are not firm-fixed price or fixed-price incentive.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Use alternate I in fixed-price-incentive
solicitations and contracts.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Use alternate II in firm-fixed-price
solicitations and contracts.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Use the clause at <xref href="252.246-7002.dita#DFARS-252.246-7002"
                  base="i1384047"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.246-7002</xref> , Warranty
of Construction (Germany), instead of the clause at FAR 52.246-21,
Warranty of Construction, in solicitations and contracts for construction
when a fixed-price contract will be awarded and contract performance
will be in Germany.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) When the solicitation includes the
clause at <xref href="252.211-7003.dita#DFARS-252.211-7003"
                  base="i1381238"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.211-7003</xref> ,
Item Unique Identification and Valuation, which is prescribed in <xref href="211.274-6.dita#DFARS-211.274-6"
                  base="i1377938"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">211.274-6</xref> (a), and it
is anticipated that the resulting contract will include a warranty
for serialized items—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Use the provision at <xref href="252.246-7005.dita#DFARS-252.246-7005"
                  base="i1384066"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.246-7005</xref> , Notice
of Warranty Tracking of Serialized Items, in the solicitation if
the Government does not specify a warranty and offerors will be
required to enter data with the offer;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Use the clause at <xref href="252.246-7006.dita#DFARS-252.246-7006"
                  base="i1384075"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.246-7006</xref> , Warranty
Tracking of Serialized Items, in the solicitation and contract;
and</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Include the following warranty attachments,
available at https://www.pdrep.csd.disa.mil/pdrep_files/other/wsr.htm,
in the solicitation and contract and see <xref href="246.710-70.dita#DFARS-246.710-70"
                  base="i1380685"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">246.710-70</xref> :</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Warranty Tracking Information.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Source of Repair Instructions.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
