<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_249.7000" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">249.7000</ph> Terminated contracts with Canadian Commercial Corporation.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  Terminate contracts with the Canadian Commercial Corporation in accordance with—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  The Letter of Agreement (LOA) between the Department of Defence Production (Canada) and the U.S. DoD, “Canadian Agreement” (for a copy of the LOA or for questions on its currency, contact the Office of the Director of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy (Contract Policy and International Contracting),  osd.pentagon.ousd-atl.mbx.cpic@mail.mil;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Policies in the Canadian Agreement and Part 249; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  The Canadian Supply Manual, Chapter 8, Annex 8.3, available at http://www.tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca/app-acq/ga-sm/index-eng.html, “Termination for Convenience Process, Public Works and Government Services Canada.”</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  Contracting officers shall ensure that the Canadian Commercial Corporation submits termination settlement proposals in the format prescribed in FAR 49.602 and that they contain the amount of settlements with subcontractors.  The termination contracting officer (TCO) shall prepare an appropriate settlement agreement.  (See FAR 49.603.)  The letter transmitting a settlement proposal must certify—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  That disposition of inventory has been completed; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  That the Contract Claims Resolution Board of the Public Works and Government Services Canada has approved settlements with Canadian subcontractors when the Procedures Manual on Termination of Contracts requires such approval.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)(1)  The Canadian Commercial Corporation will—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  Settle all Canadian subcontractor termination claims under the Canadian Agreement; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  Submit schedules listing serviceable and usable contractor inventory for screening to the TCO (see FAR 45.6).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  After screening, the TCO must provide guidance to the Canadian Commercial Corporation for disposition of the contractor inventory.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  Settlement of Canadian subcontractor claims are not subject to the approval and ratification of the TCO.  However, when the proposed negotiated settlement exceeds the total contract price of the prime contract, the TCO shall obtain from the U.S. contracting officer prior to final settlement—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  Ratification of the proposed settlement; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  A contract modification increasing the contract price and obligating the additional funds.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)  The Canadian Commercial Corporation should send all termination settlement proposals submitted by U.S. subcontractors and suppliers to the TCO of the cognizant contract administration office of the Defense Contract Management Agency for settlement.  The TCO will inform the Canadian Commercial Corporation of the amount of the net settlement of U.S. subcontractors and suppliers so that this amount can be included in the Canadian Commercial Corporation termination proposal.  The Canadian Commercial Corporation is responsible for execution of the settlement agreement with these subcontractors.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e)  The Canadian Commercial Corporation will continue administering contracts that the U.S. contracting officer terminates.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(f)  The Canadian Commercial Corporation will settle all Canadian subcontracts in accordance with the policies, practices, and procedures of the Canadian Government.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(g)  The U.S. agency administering the contract with the Canadian Commercial Corporation shall provide any services required by the Canadian Commercial Corporation, including disposal of inventory, for settlement of any subcontracts placed in the United States.  Settlement of such U.S. subcontracts will be in accordance with this regulation.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
