<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.237-7017"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.237-7017</ph> Individual Laundry.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-237.7101"
                  href="237.7101.dita#DFARS_237.7101">237.7101</xref>
            (f), use the following clause:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">INDIVIDUAL LAUNDRY (DEC 1991)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  The Contractor shall provide laundry service under this contract on both a unit bundle and on a piece-rate bundle basis for individual personnel.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  The total number of pieces listed in the “Estimated Quantity” column in the schedule is the estimated amount of individual laundry for this contract.  The estimate is for information only and is not a representation of the amount of individual laundry to be ordered.  Individuals may elect whether or not to use the laundry services.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  Charges for individual laundry will be on a per unit bundle or a piece-rate basis.  The Contractor shall provide individual laundry bundle delivery tickets for use by the individuals in designating whether the laundry is a unit bundle or a piece-rate bundle.  An individual laundry bundle will be accompanied by a delivery ticket listing the contents of the bundle.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)  The maximum number of pieces to be allowed per bundle is as specified in the schedule and as follows—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Bundle consisting of 26 pieces, including laundry bag.  This bundle will contain approximately _______ pieces of outer garments which shall be starched and pressed.  Outer garments include, but are not limited to, shirts, trousers, jackets, dresses, and coats.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Bundle consisting of 13 pieces, including laundry bag.  This bundle will contain approximately _____ pieces of outer garments which shall be starched and pressed.  Outer garments include, but are not limited to, shirts, trousers, jackets, dresses, and coats.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
