<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept id="changeme_1626286572440">
      <title>
         <ph props="autonumber" rev="Revised July 9, 2021">252.204-7023 Reporting Requirements for Contracted Services.</ph>
      </title>
      <conbody>
         <p id="RzcXCV">
            <ph rev="Revised July 9, 2021">Basic. As prescribed in <xref href="204.1705.dita" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"/>(a)(i) and (ii), use the following clause:</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="uQFTGf" outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">
            <ph rev="Revised July 9, 2021">REPORTING REQUIREMENTS FOR CONTRACTED SERVICES—BASIC (JUL 2021)</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="quNWeC" outputclass="List1">
            <ph rev="Revised July 9, 2021">(a) Definition. As used in this clause--</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="csjyBw">
            <ph rev="Revised July 9, 2021">“First-tier subcontract” means a subcontract awarded directly by the contractor for the purpose of acquiring services for performance of a prime contract. It does not include the contractor’s supplier agreements with vendors, such as long-term arrangements for materials or supplies or services that benefit multiple contracts and/or the costs of which are normally applied to a contractor’s general and administrative expenses or indirect costs.</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="vXAXeu" outputclass="List1">
            <ph rev="Revised July 9, 2021">(b) The Contractor shall report annually, by October 31, at <xref format="html" href="https://www.sam.gov" scope="external">https://www.sam.gov</xref>, on the services performed under this contract or order, including any first-tier subcontracts, during the preceding Government fiscal year (October 1 - September 30).</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="gVlYiI" outputclass="List1">
            <ph rev="Revised July 9, 2021">(c) The Contractor shall report the following information for the contract or order:</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="wUewPa" outputclass="List2">
            <ph rev="Revised July 9, 2021">(1) The total dollar amount invoiced for services performed during the preceding Government fiscal year under the contract or order.</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="HNlSHo" outputclass="List2">
            <ph rev="Revised July 9, 2021">(2) The number of Contractor direct labor hours, to include first-tier subcontractor direct labor hours, as applicable, expended on the services performed under the contract or order during the previous Government fiscal year.</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="yqHpzi" outputclass="List1">
            <ph rev="Revised July 9, 2021">(d) The Government will review the Contractor’s reported information for reasonableness and consistency with available contract information. In the event the Government believes that revisions to the Contractor’s reported information are warranted, the Government will notify the Contractor. Upon notification, the Contractor shall revise the reported information or provide the Government with a supporting rationale for the information.</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="LgMAEw" outputclass="Endofclause Ctr">
            <ph rev="Revised July 9, 2021">(End of clause)</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="GcACVJ">
            <ph rev="Revised July 9, 2021">Alternate I. As prescribed in <ph rev="Revised July 9, 2021">
                  <xref href="204.1705.dita" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"/>
               </ph>(a)(i) and (iii), use the following clause, which substitutes “contract or agreement for each order” in lieu of “contract or order” in paragraph (b) and “order” in lieu of “contract or order” in paragraphs (c) and (c)(1) and (2), and identifies the dollar threshold and service acquisition portfolio groups for which orders under the contract or agreement require service contract reporting.</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="RtHcVf" outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">
            <ph rev="Revised July 9, 2021">REPORTING REQUIREMENTS FOR CONTRACTED SERVICES—ALTERNATE I (JUL 2021)</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="roUAzd" outputclass="List1">
            <ph rev="Revised July 9, 2021">(a) Definition. As used in this clause--</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="mxjNns">
            <ph rev="Revised July 9, 2021">“First-tier subcontract” means a subcontract awarded directly by the contractor for the purpose of acquiring services for performance of a prime contract. It does not include the contractor’s supplier agreements with vendors, such as long-term arrangements for materials or supplies or services that benefit multiple contracts and/or the costs of which are normally applied to a contractor’s general and administrative expenses or indirect costs.</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="ICpYDd" outputclass="List1">
            <ph rev="Revised July 9, 2021">(b) The contractor shall report annually, by October 31, at <xref format="html" href="https://www.sam.gov" scope="external">https://www.sam.gov</xref>, on services performed during the preceding Government fiscal year (October 1 - September 30) under this contract or agreement for each order, including any first-tier subcontract, which exceeds $3 million for services in the following service acquisition portfolio groups:</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="yGGAeX" outputclass="List2">
            <ph rev="Revised July 9, 2021">(1) Logistics management services.</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="XABpVj" outputclass="List2">
            <ph rev="Revised July 9, 2021">(2) Equipment-related services.</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="SoXrCR" outputclass="List2">
            <ph rev="Revised July 9, 2021">(3) Knowledge-based services.</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="mxUOHO" outputclass="List2">
            <ph rev="Revised July 9, 2021">(4) Electronics and communications services.</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="vQsdML" outputclass="List1">
            <ph rev="Revised July 9, 2021">(c) The Contractor shall report the following information for the order:</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="IKywUs" outputclass="List2">
            <ph rev="Revised July 9, 2021">(1) The total dollar amount invoiced for services performed during the preceding Government fiscal year under the order.</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="ZlySEK" outputclass="List2">
            <ph rev="Revised July 9, 2021">(2) The number of Contractor direct labor hours, to include first-tier subcontractor direct labor hours, as applicable, expended on the services performed under the order during the previous Government fiscal year.</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="DVKKEK" outputclass="List1">
            <ph rev="Revised July 9, 2021">(d) The Government will review the Contractor’s reported information for reasonableness and consistency with available contract information. In the event the Government believes that revisions to the Contractor’s reported information are warranted, the Government will notify the Contractor. Upon notification, the Contractor shall revise the reported information or provide the Government with a supporting rationale for the information.</ph>
         </p>
         <p id="PJaISc" outputclass="Endofclause Ctr">
            <ph rev="Revised July 9, 2021">(End of clause)</ph>
         </p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
