<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept id="DFARS_252.227-7040" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title "> 
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.227-7040</ph> Additional Preaward Requirements for Small Business Technology Transfer Program.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <xref href="http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/dfars/html/current/227_71.htm#227.7104"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">227.7104</xref>-4(c)(1), use the following provision:</p>
         <p outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps" class="- topic/p ">ADDITIONAL PREAWARD REQUIREMENTS FOR SMALL BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER PROGRAM (JAN 2025)</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1"> (a) Definitions. As used in this provision, the terms “research institution” and “United States” have the meaning given in the 252.227-7041, Additional Postaward Requirements for Small Business Technology Transfer Program,clause of this solicitation.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1"> (b) Offers submitted in response to this solicitation shall include the following:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> (1) The written agreement between the Offeror and a research institution, which shall contain—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3"> (i) A specific allocation of ownership, rights, and responsibilities for intellectual property (including inventions, patents, technical data, and computer software) resulting from the Small Business Technology Transfer (STTR) Program award;</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3"> (ii) Identification of which party to the written agreement may obtain United States or foreign patents or otherwise protect any inventions that result from a STTR award; and</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3"> (iii) No terms or conditions that conflict with the requirements of the clause at 252.227-7018, Rights in Other Than Commercial Technical Data and Computer Software–Small Business Innovation Research Program and Small Business Technology Transfer Program, or this provision, including the rights of the United States, the Offeror, and the research institution regarding intellectual property, and regarding any right to carry out follow-on research.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> (2) The Offeror’s written representation that—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3"> (i) The Offeror is satisfied with its written agreement with the research institution; and</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3"> (ii) The written agreement does not conflict with the requirements of this solicitation.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1"> (c) The Offeror shall submit the written representation required by paragraph (b)(2) of this provision as an attachment to its offer, dated and signed by an official authorized to contractually obligate the Offeror.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1"> (d) The Offeror’s failure to submit the written agreement or written representation required by paragraph (b) of this provision with its offer may render the offer ineligible for award.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1"> (e) If the Offeror is awarded a contract, the Contracting Officer will include the written agreement and written representation required by paragraph (b) of this provision in an attachment to that contract.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Endofprovision">(End of provision)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
