<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="DFARS-252.204-7020"
            rev="Added November 30, 2020"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.204-7020</ph> NIST SP 800-171
DoD Assessment Requirements.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020" class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref href="204.7304.dita#DFARS-204.7304"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref ">204.7304</xref>
            </ph>(e), use
the following clause:</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps"
            class="- topic/p ">NIST
SP 800-171 DOD ASSESSMENT REQUIREMENTS (NOV 2020)</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List1"
            class="- topic/p ">(a) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definitions</i>.</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020" class="- topic/p ">Basic Assessment” means a contractor’s
self-assessment of the contractor’s implementation of NIST SP 800-171
that—</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List2"
            class="- topic/p ">(1) Is
based on the Contractor’s review of their system security plan(s)
associated with covered contractor information system(s);</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List2"
            class="- topic/p ">(2) Is
conducted in accordance with the NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment
Methodology; and</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List2"
            class="- topic/p ">(3) Results
in a confidence level of “Low” in the resulting score, because it
is a self-generated score.</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020" class="- topic/p ">“Covered contractor information
system” has the meaning given in the clause 252.204-7012, Safeguarding
Covered Defense Information and Cyber Incident Reporting, of this
contract.</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020" class="- topic/p ">“High Assessment” means an
assessment that is conducted by Government personnel using NIST
SP 800-171A, Assessing Security Requirements for Controlled Unclassified
Information that—</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List2"
            class="- topic/p ">(1) Consists
of—</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List3"
            class="- topic/p ">(i) A
review of a contractor’s Basic Assessment;</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List3"
            class="- topic/p ">(ii)
A thorough document review;</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List3"
            class="- topic/p ">(iii)
Verification, examination, and demonstration of a Contractor’s system
security plan to validate that NIST SP 800-171 security requirements
have been implemented as described in the contractor’s system security
plan; and</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List3"
            class="- topic/p ">(iv)
Discussions with the contractor to obtain additional information
or clarification, as needed; and</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List2"
            class="- topic/p ">(2) Results
in a confidence level of “High” in the resulting score.</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020" class="- topic/p ">“Medium Assessment” means an
assessment conducted by the Government that—</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List2"
            class="- topic/p ">(1) Consists
of—</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List3"
            class="- topic/p ">(i) A
review of a contractor’s Basic Assessment;</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List3"
            class="- topic/p ">(ii)
A thorough document review; and</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List3"
            class="- topic/p ">(iii)
Discussions with the contractor to obtain additional information
or clarification, as needed; and</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List2"
            class="- topic/p ">(2) Results
in a confidence level of “Medium” in the resulting score.</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List1"
            class="- topic/p ">(b) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Applicability</i>.
This clause applies to covered contractor information systems that
are required to comply with the National Institute of Standards
and Technology (NIST) Special Publication (SP) 800-171, in accordance
with Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation System (DFARS) clause
at 252.204-7012, Safeguarding Covered Defense Information and Cyber Incident
Reporting, of this contract.</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List1"
            class="- topic/p ">(c) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Requirements</i>.
The Contractor shall provide access to its facilities, systems,
and personnel necessary for the Government to conduct a Medium or
High NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment, as described in NIST SP 800-171
DoD Assessment Methodology at <xref href="https://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/pdi/cyber/strategically_assessing_contractor_implementation_of_NIST_SP_800-171.html"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">h<?FM MARKER [Hypertext] message URL https://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/pdi/cyber/strategically_assessing_contractor_implementation_of_NIST_SP_800-171.html?>ttps://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/pdi/cyber/strategically_assessing_contractor_implementation_of_NIST_SP_800-171.html</xref>,
if necessary.</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List1"
            class="- topic/p ">(d) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Procedures</i>.
Summary level scores for all assessments will be posted in the Supplier
Performance Risk System (SPRS) (<xref href="https://www.sprs.csd.disa.mil/"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref "><?FM MARKER [Hypertext] message URL https://www.sprs.csd.disa.mil/?></xref>) to provide DoD Components visibility
into the summary level scores of strategic assessments.</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List2"
            class="- topic/p ">(1) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Basic
Assessments</i>. A contractor may submit, via encrypted email, summary
level scores of Basic Assessments conducted in accordance with the
NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment Methodology to <xref href="mailto:webptsmh@navy.mil"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref "><?FM MARKER [Hypertext] message URL mailto:webptsmh@navy.mil?></xref> for
posting to SPRS.</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List3"
            class="- topic/p ">(i) The
email shall include the following information:</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List4"
            class="- topic/p ">(A) Version
of NIST SP 800-171 against which the assessment was conducted.</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List4"
            class="- topic/p ">(B) Organization
conducting the assessment (e.g., Contractor self-assessment).</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List4"
            class="- topic/p ">(C) For
each system security plan (security requirement 3.12.4) supporting
the performance of a DoD contract—</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List6"
            class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>)
All industry Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) code(s) associated
with the information system(s) addressed by the system security
plan; and</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List6"
            class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>)
A brief description of the system security plan architecture, if
more than one plan exists.</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List4"
            class="- topic/p ">(D) Date
the assessment was completed.</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List4"
            class="- topic/p ">(E) Summary
level score (e.g., 95 out of 110, NOT the individual value for each
requirement).</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List4"
            class="- topic/p ">(F) Date
that all requirements are expected to be implemented (i.e., a score
of 110 is expected to be achieved) based on information gathered
from associated plan(s) of action developed in accordance with NIST
SP 800-171.</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List3"
            class="- topic/p ">(ii)
If multiple system security plans are addressed in the email described
at paragraph (b)(1)(i) of this section, the Contractor shall use
the following format for the report:</p>
         <table frame="all"
                colsep="1"
                rowsep="0"
                rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
                class="- topic/table ">
            <tgroup cols="6"
                    colsep="1"
                    rowsep="0"
                    outputclass="Choice"
                    class="- topic/tgroup ">
               <colspec colnum="1" colname="1" colwidth="17*" class="- topic/colspec "/>
               <colspec colnum="2" colname="2" colwidth="17*" class="- topic/colspec "/>
               <colspec colnum="3" colname="3" colwidth="17*" class="- topic/colspec "/>
               <colspec colnum="4" colname="4" colwidth="17*" class="- topic/colspec "/>
               <colspec colnum="5" colname="5" colwidth="17*" class="- topic/colspec "/>
               <colspec colnum="6" colname="6" colwidth="17*" class="- topic/colspec "/>
               <tbody class="- topic/tbody ">
                  <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry colname="1" class="- topic/entry ">System Security Plan</entry>
                     <entry colname="2" class="- topic/entry ">CAGE Codes supported by this plan</entry>
                     <entry colname="3" class="- topic/entry ">Brief description of the plan architecture</entry>
                     <entry colname="4" class="- topic/entry ">Date of assessment</entry>
                     <entry colname="5" class="- topic/entry ">Total Score</entry>
                     <entry colname="6" class="- topic/entry ">Date score of 110 will achieved</entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry colname="1" class="- topic/entry "/>
                     <entry colname="2" class="- topic/entry "/>
                     <entry colname="3" class="- topic/entry "/>
                     <entry colname="4" class="- topic/entry "/>
                     <entry colname="5" class="- topic/entry "/>
                     <entry colname="6" class="- topic/entry "/>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry colname="1" class="- topic/entry "/>
                     <entry colname="2" class="- topic/entry "/>
                     <entry colname="3" class="- topic/entry "/>
                     <entry colname="4" class="- topic/entry "/>
                     <entry colname="5" class="- topic/entry "/>
                     <entry colname="6" class="- topic/entry "/>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry colname="1" class="- topic/entry "/>
                     <entry colname="2" class="- topic/entry "/>
                     <entry colname="3" class="- topic/entry "/>
                     <entry colname="4" class="- topic/entry "/>
                     <entry colname="5" class="- topic/entry "/>
                     <entry colname="6" class="- topic/entry "/>
                  </row>
               </tbody>
            </tgroup>
         </table>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List2"
            class="- topic/p ">(2) Medium
and High Assessments. DoD will post the following Medium and/or
High Assessment summary level scores to SPRS for each system security
plan assessed:</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List3"
            class="- topic/p ">(i) The
standard assessed (e.g., NIST SP 800-171 Rev 1).</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List3"
            class="- topic/p ">(ii)
Organization conducting the assessment, e.g., DCMA, or a specific
organization (identified by Department of Defense Activity Address
Code (DoDAAC)).</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List3"
            class="- topic/p ">(iii)
All industry CAGE code(s) associated with the information system(s)
addressed by the system security plan.</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List3"
            class="- topic/p ">(iv)
A brief description of the system security plan architecture, if
more than one system security plan exists.</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List3"
            class="- topic/p ">(v) Date
and level of the assessment, i.e., medium or high.</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List3"
            class="- topic/p ">(vi)
Summary level score (e.g., 105 out of 110, not the individual value
assigned for each requirement).</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List3"
            class="- topic/p ">(vii)
Date that all requirements are expected to be implemented (i.e.,
a score of 110 is expected to be achieved) based on information
gathered from associated plan(s) of action developed in accordance
with NIST SP 800-171.</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List1"
            class="- topic/p ">(e) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Rebuttals</i>.</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List2"
            class="- topic/p ">(1) DoD
will provide Medium and High Assessment summary level scores to
the Contractor and offer the opportunity for rebuttal and adjudication
of assessment summary level scores prior to posting the summary
level scores to SPRS (see SPRS User’s Guide <xref href="https://www.sprs.csd.disa.mil/pdf/SPRS_Awardee.pdf"
                  format="pdf"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">https://www.sprs.csd.disa.mil/pdf/SPRS_Awardee.pdf</xref>).</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List2"
            class="- topic/p ">(2) Upon
completion of each assessment, the contractor has 14 business days
to provide additional information to demonstrate that they meet
any security requirements not observed by the assessment team or
to rebut the findings that may be of question.</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List1"
            class="- topic/p ">(f) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accessibility</i>.</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List2"
            class="- topic/p ">(1) Assessment
summary level scores posted in SPRS are available to DoD personnel,
and are protected, in accordance with the standards set forth in
DoD Instruction 5000.79, Defense-wide Sharing and Use of Supplier
and Product Performance Information (PI).</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List2"
            class="- topic/p ">(2) Authorized
representatives of the Contractor for which the assessment was conducted
may access SPRS to view their own summary level scores, in accordance
with the SPRS Software User’s Guide for Awardees/Contractors available
at <xref href="https://www.sprs.csd.disa.mil/pdf/SPRS_Awardee.pdf"
                  format="pdf"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref "><?FM MARKER [Hypertext] message URL https://www.sprs.csd.disa.mil/pdf/SPRS_Awardee.pdf?></xref>.</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List2"
            class="- topic/p ">(3) A
High NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment may result in documentation
in addition to that listed in this clause. DoD will retain and protect
any such documentation as “Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI)”
and intended for internal DoD use only. The information will be
protected against unauthorized use and release, including through
the exercise of applicable exemptions under the Freedom of Information
Act (e.g., Exemption 4 covers trade secrets and commercial or financial
information obtained from a contractor that is privileged or confidential).</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List1"
            class="- topic/p ">(g) Subcontracts.</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List2"
            class="- topic/p ">(1) The
Contractor shall insert the substance of this clause, including
this paragraph (g), in all subcontracts and other contractual instruments,
including subcontracts for the acquisition of commercial items (excluding
COTS items).</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List2"
            class="- topic/p ">(2) The
Contractor shall not award a subcontract or other contractual instrument,
that is subject to the implementation of NIST SP 800-171 security
requirements, in accordance with DFARS clause 252.204-7012 of this
contract, unless the subcontractor has completed, within the last
3 years, at least a Basic NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment, as described in <xref href="https://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/pdi/cyber/strategically_assessing_contractor_implementation_of_NIST_SP_800-171.html"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">h<?FM MARKER [Hypertext] message URL https://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/pdi/cyber/strategically_assessing_contractor_implementation_of_NIST_SP_800-171.html?>ttps://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/pdi/cyber/strategically_assessing_contractor_implementation_of_NIST_SP_800-171.html</xref>,
for all covered contractor information systems relevant to its offer
that are not part of an information technology service or system
operated on behalf of the Government.</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="List2"
            class="- topic/p ">(3) If
a subcontractor does not have summary level scores of a current
NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment (i.e., not more than 3 years old
unless a lesser time is specified in the solicitation) posted in
SPRS, the subcontractor may conduct and submit a Basic Assessment,
in accordance with the NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment Methodology,
to <xref href="mailto:webptsmh@navy.mil"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">mailto:webptsmh@navy.mil</xref> for posting
to SPRS along with the information required by paragraph (d) of
this clause.</p>
         <p rev="Revised November 30, 2020"
            outputclass="Ctr"
            class="- topic/p ">(End of
clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
