<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-252.209-7005"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.209-7005</ph> Reserve Officer Training Corps and Military Recruiting on Campus.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="i1377812"
                     href="209.470-4.dita#DFARS-209.470-4">209.470-4</xref>
            </ph>(b), use the following clause:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">RESERVE OFFICER TRAINING CORPS AND MILITARY RECRUITING ON CAMPUS (MAR 2012)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definition.</i>  "Institution of higher education," as used in this clause, means an institution that meets the requirements of 20 U.S.C. 1001 and includes all subelements of such an institution.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Limitation.  </i>Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this clause, the Contractor shall not, during performance of this contract, have any policy or practice that prohibits or in effect prevents—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  The Secretary of a military department from maintaining, establishing, or operating a unit of the Senior Reserve Officer Training Corps (ROTC) (in accordance with 10 U.S.C. 654 and other applicable Federal laws) at that institution;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  A student at that institution from enrolling in a unit of the Senior ROTC at another institution of higher education;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  The Secretary of a military department or the Secretary of Transportation from gaining entry to campuses, or access to students (who are 17 years of age or older) on campuses, for purposes of military recruiting; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4)  Military recruiters from accessing, for purposes of military recruiting, the following information pertaining to students (who are 17 years of age or older) enrolled at that institution:</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  Name.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  Address.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii)  Telephone number.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv)  Date and place of birth.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(v)  Educational level.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vi)  Academic major.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vii)  Degrees received.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(viii)  Most recent educational institution enrollment.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Exception</i>.  The limitation in paragraph (b) of this clause does not apply to an institution of higher education if the Secretary of Defense determines that—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  The institution has ceased the policy or practice described in paragraph (b) of this clause; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  The institution has a long-standing policy of pacifism based on historical religious affiliation.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)  Notwithstanding any other clause of this contract, if the Secretary of Defense determines that the Contractor misrepresented its policies and practices at the time of contract award or has violated the prohibition in paragraph (b) of this clause—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  The Contractor will be ineligible for further payments under this and any other contracts with the Department of Defense; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  The Government will terminate this contract for default for the Contractor's material failure to comply with the terms and conditions of award.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
