<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.225-7025" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
      <title>
         <ph props="autonumber">252.225-7025</ph> Restriction on Acquisition of Forgings.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause">
         <p>As prescribed in 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" base="i1379378" href="225.7102-4.dita#DFARS_225.7102-4">225.7102-4</xref>
            , use the following clause:</p>
         <p outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">RESTRICTION ON ACQUISITION OF FORGINGS (DEC 2009)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(a)  <i>Definitions.  </i>As used in this clause—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1)  “Component” means any item supplied to the Government as part of an end product or of another component.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2)  “Domestic manufacture” means manufactured in the United States, its outlying areas; or Canada.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(3)  “Forging items” means—</p>
         <p></p>
         <table frame="all" colsep="1" rowsep="0">
            <tgroup cols="2" colsep="1" rowsep="0" outputclass="Table">
               <colspec colnum="1" colname="1" colwidth="43*" rowheader="headers" />
               <colspec colnum="2" colname="2" colwidth="57*" rowheader="headers" />
               <tbody>
                  <row rowsep="0">
                     <entry>
                        <p>ITEMS</p>
                        <p>Ship propulsion shafts</p>
                        <p>Periscope tubes</p>
                        <p>Ring forgings for bull gears</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p>CATEGORIES</p>
                        <p>Excludes service and landing craft shafts</p>
                        <p>All</p>
                        <p>All greater than 120 inches in diameter</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
               </tbody>
            </tgroup>
         </table>
         <p outputclass="List1"></p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(b)  End products and their components delivered under this contract shall contain forging items that are of domestic manufacture only.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(c)  The restriction in paragraph (b) of this clause may be waived upon request from the Contractor in accordance with subsection 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" base="i1379373" href="225.7102-3.dita#DFARS_225.7102-3">225.7102-3</xref>
             of the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(d)  The Contractor shall retain records showing compliance with the restriction in paragraph (b) of this clause until 3 years after final payment and shall make the records available upon request of the Contracting Officer.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(e)  The Contractor shall insert the substance of this clause, including this paragraph (e), in subcontracts for forging items or for other items that contain forging items.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
