<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="DFARS-252.225-7051"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.225-7051</ph> Prohibition on
Acquisition of Certain Foreign Commercial Satellite Services.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <xref href="225.772-5.dita#DFARS-225.772-5"
                  base="i1378959"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">225.772-5</xref>, use the following
clause:</p>
         <p rev="Revised September 29, 2021"
            outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps"
            class="- topic/p ">PROHIBITION
ON ACQUISITION OF CERTAIN FOREIGN COMMERCIAL SATELLITE SERVICES
(SEP 2021)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definitions.</i>As used in this
clause—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Covered foreign country” means—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">
            <ph rev="Revised September 29, 2021" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph> The
People’s Republic of China;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">
            <ph rev="Revised September 29, 2021" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph> North
Korea;</p>
         <p rev="Revised September 29, 2021"
            outputclass="List2"
            class="- topic/p ">(3)
The Russian Federation; or</p>
         <p rev="Revised September 29, 2021"
            outputclass="List2"
            class="- topic/p ">(4)
Any country that is a state sponsor of terrorism. (10 U.S.C. 2279)</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Foreign entity” means—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">
            <ph rev="Revised September 29, 2021" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph> Any
branch, partnership, group or sub-group, association, estate, trust,
corporation or division of a corporation, or organization organized
under the laws of a foreign state if either its principal place
of business is outside the United States or its equity securities
are primarily traded on one or more foreign exchanges.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">
            <ph rev="Revised September 29, 2021" class="- topic/ph ">(2)
Notwithstanding paragraph (1)</ph> of this definition, any branch,
partnership, group or sub-group, association, estate, trust, corporation
or division of a corporation, or organization that demonstrates
that a majority of the equity interest in such entity is ultimately
owned by U.S. nationals is not a foreign entity. (31 CFR 800.212)</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Government of a covered foreign country” includes the state
and the government of a covered foreign country, as well as any
political subdivision, agency, or instrumentality thereof.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Launch vehicle” means a fully integrated space launch vehicle.
(10 U.S.C. 2279)</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Satellite services” means communications capabilities that utilize
an on-orbit satellite for transmitting the signal from one location
to another.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“State sponsor of terrorism” means a country determined by the
Secretary of State, under section 1754(c)(1)(A)(i) of the Export
Control Reform Act of 2018 (Title XVII, Subtitle B, of the National
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, Pub. L. 115-232)],
to be a country the government of which has repeatedly provided
support for acts of international terrorism. As of the date of this
provision, state sponsors of terrorism <ph rev="Revised September 29, 2021" class="- topic/ph ">include</ph> Iran, North
Korea, Sudan, and Syria. (10 U.S.C. 2327)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Limitation</i>. Unless specified
in its offer, the Contractor shall not provide satellite services
under this contract that—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Are from a covered foreign country;
or</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Except as provided in paragraph (c),
use satellites that will be-</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Designed or manufactured—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) In a covered foreign country; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) By an entity controlled in whole or
in part by, or acting on behalf of, the government of a covered
foreign country; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Launched outside the United States
using a launch vehicle that is designed or manufactured—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) In a covered foreign country; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Provided by—</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(1)</i> The government of a covered
foreign country; <ph rev="Revised September 29, 2021" class="- topic/ph ">or</ph>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(2)</i> An entity controlled in whole
or in part by, or acting on behalf of, the government of a covered
foreign country.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Exception</i>. The limitation in
paragraph (b)(2) shall not apply with respect to—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) A launch that occurs prior to December
31, 2022; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) A satellite service provider that has
a contract or other agreement relating to launch services that,
prior to June 10, 2018, was either fully paid for by the satellite
service provider or covered by a legally binding commitment of the
satellite service provider to pay for such services.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
