<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.237-7012"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.237-7012</ph> Instruction to Offerors (Count-of-Articles).</title>
      <conbody outputclass="provision" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-237.7101"
                  href="237.7101.dita#DFARS_237.7101">237.7101</xref>
            (a), use the following provision:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">INSTRUCTION TO OFFERORS (COUNT-OF-ARTICLES) (DEC 1991)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  The Offeror shall include unit prices for each item in a lot.  Unit prices shall include all costs to the Government of providing the services, including pickup and delivery charges.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  Failure to offer on any item in a lot shall be cause for rejection of the offer on that lot.  The Contracting Officer will evaluate offers based on the estimated quantities in the solicitation.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  Award generally will be made to a single offeror for all lots.  However, the Contracting Officer may award by individual lot when it is more advantageous to the Government.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)  Prospective offerors may inspect the types of articles to be serviced.  Contact the Contracting Officer to make inspection arrangements.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofprovision" class="- topic/p ">(End of provision)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
