<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-252.217-7003"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.217-7003</ph> Changes.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="DFARS-217.7104"
                     href="217.7104.dita#DFARS-217.7104">217.7104</xref>
            </ph>(a), use the following clause:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">CHANGES (DEC 1991)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  The Contracting Officer may, at any time and without notice to the sureties, by written change order, make changes within the general scope of any job order issued under the Master Agreement in—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Drawings, designs, plans, and specifications;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Work itemized;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  Place of performance of the work;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4)  Time of commencement or completion of the work; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5)  Any other requirement of the job order.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  If a change causes an increase or decrease in the cost of, or time required for, performance of the job order, whether or not changed by the order, the Contracting Officer shall make an equitable adjustment in the price or date of completion, or both, and shall modify the job order in writing.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Within ten days after the Contractor receives notification of the change, the Contractor shall submit to the Contracting Officer a request for price adjustment, together with a written estimate of the increased cost.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  The Contracting Officer may grant an extension of this period if the Contractor requests it within the ten day period.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  If the circumstances justify it, the Contracting Officer may accept and grant a request for equitable adjustment at any later time prior to final payment under the job order, except that the Contractor may not receive profit on a payment under a late request.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  If the Contractor includes in its claim the cost of property made obsolete or excess as a result of a change, the Contracting Officer shall have the right to prescribe the manner of disposition of that property.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)  Failure to agree to any adjustment shall be a dispute within the meaning of the Disputes clause.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e)  Nothing in this clause shall excuse the Contractor from proceeding with the job order as changed.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
