<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.232-7006" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
      <title>
         <ph props="autonumber">252.232-7006</ph> Wide Area WorkFlow Payment Instructions.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause">
         <p>As prescribed in 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" base="DFARS-232.7004" href="232.7004.dita#DFARS_232.7004">232.7004</xref>
            (b), use the following clause:</p>
         <p outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (DEC 2018)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(a)  <i>Definitions.  </i>As used in this clause—</p>
         <p>“Department of Defense Activity Address Code (DoDAAC)” is a six position code that uniquely identifies a unit, activity, or organization.</p>
         <p>“Document type” means the type of payment request or receiving report available for creation in Wide Area WorkFlow (WAWF).</p>
         <p>“Local processing office (LPO)” is the office responsible for payment certification when payment certification is done external to the entitlement system.</p>
         <p>“Payment request” and “receiving report” are defined in the clause at 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" base="i1383228" href="252.232-7003.dita#DFARS_252.232-7003">252.232-7003</xref>
            , Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(b)  <i>Electronic invoicing</i>.  The WAWF system provides the method to electronically process vendor payment requests and receiving reports, as authorized by Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" base="i1383228" href="252.232-7003.dita#DFARS_252.232-7003">252.232-7003</xref>
            , Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(c)  <i>WAWF access</i>.  To access WAWF, the Contractor shall—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1)  Have a designated electronic business point of contact in the System for Award Management at https://www.sam.gov; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2)  Be registered to use WAWF at https://wawf.eb.mil/ following the step-by-step procedures for self-registration available at this web site.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(d)  <i>WAWF training</i>.  The Contractor should follow the training instructions of the WAWF Web-Based Training Course and use the Practice Training Site before submitting payment requests through WAWF.  Both can be accessed by selecting the “Web Based Training” link on the WAWF home page at https://wawf.eb.mil/</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(e)  <i>WAWF methods of document submission</i>.  Document submissions may be via web entry, Electronic Data Interchange, or File Transfer Protocol.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(f)  <i>WAWF payment instructions</i>.  The Contractor shall use the following information when submitting payment requests and receiving reports in WAWF for this contract or task or delivery order:</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) <i> Document type</i>.  The Contractor shall submit payment requests using the following document type(s):</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(i)  For cost-type line items, including labor-hour or time-and-materials, submit a cost voucher.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(ii)  For fixed price line items—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4">(A)  That require shipment of a deliverable, submit the invoice and receiving report specified by the Contracting Officer.</p>
         <p>____________________________________________________________</p>
         <p>(Contracting Officer:  Insert applicable invoice and receiving report document type(s) for fixed price line items that require shipment of a deliverable.)</p>
         <p outputclass="List4">(B)  For services that do not require shipment of a deliverable, submit either the Invoice 2in1, which meets the requirements for the invoice and receiving report, or the applicable invoice and receiving report, as specified by the Contracting Officer.</p>
         <p>____________________________________________________________</p>
         <p>(Contracting Officer:  Insert either “Invoice 2in1” or the applicable invoice and receiving report document type(s) for fixed price line items for services.)</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(iii)  For customary progress payments based on costs incurred, submit a progress payment request.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(iv)  For performance based payments, submit a performance based payment request.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(v)  For commercial item financing, submit a commercial item financing request.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2)  Fast Pay requests are only permitted when Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 52.213-1 is included in the contract.</p>
         <p>[Note:  The Contractor may use a WAWF “combo” document type to create some combinations of invoice and receiving report in one step.]</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(3)  <i>Document routing</i>.  The Contractor shall use the information in the Routing Data Table below only to fill in applicable fields in WAWF when creating payment requests and receiving reports in the system.</p>
         <p>Routing Data Table*</p>
         <table frame="all" colsep="1" rowsep="0">
            <tgroup cols="2" colsep="1" rowsep="0" outputclass="Table">
               <colspec colnum="1" colname="1" colwidth="50*" rowheader="headers" />
               <colspec colnum="2" colname="2" colwidth="50*" rowheader="headers" />
               <tbody>
                  <row rowsep="1">
                     <entry>
                        <p>Field Name in WAWF</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p>Data to be entered in WAWF </p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="1">
                     <entry>
                        <p>Pay Official DoDAAC</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p></p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="1">
                     <entry>
                        <p>Issue By DoDAAC</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p></p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="1">
                     <entry>
                        <p>Admin DoDAAC**</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p></p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="1">
                     <entry>
                        <p>Inspect By DoDAAC</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p></p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="1">
                     <entry>
                        <p>Ship To Code</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p></p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="1">
                     <entry>
                        <p>Ship From Code</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p></p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="1">
                     <entry>
                        <p>Mark For Code</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p></p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="1">
                     <entry>
                        <p>Service Approver (DoDAAC)</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p></p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="1">
                     <entry>
                        <p>Service Acceptor (DoDAAC)</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p></p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="1">
                     <entry>
                        <p>Accept at Other DoDAAC</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p></p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="1">
                     <entry>
                        <p>LPO DoDAAC</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p></p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="1">
                     <entry>
                        <p>DCAA Auditor DoDAAC</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p></p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0">
                     <entry>
                        <p>Other DoDAAC(s)</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p></p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
               </tbody>
            </tgroup>
         </table>
         <p>(*Contracting Officer:  Insert applicable DoDAAC information.  If multiple ship to/acceptance locations apply, insert “See Schedule” or “Not applicable.”)</p>
         <p>(**Contracting Officer:  If the contract provides for progress payments or performance-based payments, insert the DoDAAC for the contract administration office assigned the functions under FAR 42.302(a)(13).)</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(4)  <i>Payment request.</i>  The Contractor shall ensure a payment request includes documentation appropriate to the type of payment request in accordance with the payment clause, contract financing clause, or Federal Acquisition Regulation 52.216-7, Allowable Cost and Payment, as applicable.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(5)  <i>Receiving report</i>.  The Contractor shall ensure a receiving report meets the requirements of DFARS Appendix F.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(g)  <i>WAWF point of contact.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1)  The Contractor may obtain clarification regarding invoicing in WAWF from the following contracting activity’s WAWF point of contact.</p>
         <p>_________________________________________________________________</p>
         <p>(Contracting Officer:  Insert applicable information or “Not applicable.”)</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2)  Contact the WAWF helpdesk at 866-618-5988, if assistance is needed.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
