<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-252.246-7002"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.246-7002</ph> Warranty of Construction (Germany).</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-246.710"
                  href="246.710.dita#DFARS-246.710">246.710</xref>
            (2), use the following clause:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">WARRANTY OF CONSTRUCTION (GERMANY) (JUN 1997)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  In addition to any other representations in this contract, the Contractor warrants, except as provided in paragraph (j) of this clause, that the work performed under this contract conforms to the contract requirements and is free of any defect of equipment, material, or design furnished or workmanship performed by the Contractor or any subcontractor or supplier at any tier.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  This warranty shall continue for the period(s) specified in Section 13, VOB, Part B, commencing from the date of final acceptance of the work under this contract.  If the Government takes possession of any part of the work before final acceptance, this warranty shall continue for the period(s) specified in Section 13, VOB, Part B, from the date the Government takes possession.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  The Contractor shall remedy, at the Contractor’s expense, any failure to conform or any defect.  In addition, the Contractor shall remedy, at the Contractor’s expense, any damage to Government-owned or -controlled real or personal property when that damage is the result of—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  The Contractor’s failure to conform to contract requirements; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Any defect of equipment, material, or design furnished or workmanship performed.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)  The Contractor shall restore any work damaged in fulfilling the terms and conditions of this clause.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e)  The Contracting Officer shall notify the Contractor, in writing, within a reasonable period of time after the discovery of any failure, defect, or damage.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(f)  If the Contractor fails to remedy any failure, defect, or damage within a reasonable period of time after receipt of notice, the Government shall have the right to replace, repair, or otherwise remedy the failure, defect, or damage at the Contractor’s expense.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(g)  With respect to all warranties, express or implied, from subcontractors, manufacturers, or suppliers for work performed and materials furnished under this contract, the Contractor shall—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Obtain all warranties that would be given in normal commercial practice;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Require all warranties to be executed in writing, for the benefit of the Government, if directed by the Contracting Officer; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  Enforce all warranties for the benefit of the Government as directed by the Contracting Officer.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(h)  In the event the Contractor’s warranty under paragraph (b) of this clause has expired, the Government may bring suit at its expense to enforce a subcontractor’s, manufacturer’s, or supplier’s warranty.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  Unless a defect is caused by the Contractor’s negligence, or the negligence of a subcontractor or supplier at any tier, the Contractor shall not be liable for the repair of any defects of material or design furnished by the Government or for the repair of any damage resulting from any defect in Government-furnished material or design.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(j)  This warranty shall not limit the Government’s right under the Inspection clause of this contract, with respect to latent defects, gross mistakes, or fraud.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
