<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.237-7010" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
      <title>
         <ph props="autonumber">252.237-7010</ph> Prohibition on Interrogation of Detainees by Contractor Personnel.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause">
         <p>As prescribed in 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" base="i1380377" href="237.173-5.dita#DFARS_237.173-5">237.173-5</xref>
            , use the following clause:</p>
         <p outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">PROHIBITION ON INTERROGATION OF DETAINEES BY CONTRACTOR PERSONNEL (JUN 2013)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(a)  <i>Definitions.</i>  As used in this clause—</p>
         <p>“Detainee” means any person captured, detained, held, or otherwise under the effective control of DoD personnel (military or civilian) in connection with hostilities.  This includes, but is not limited to, enemy prisoners of war, civilian internees, and retained personnel.  This does not include DoD personnel or DoD contractor personnel being held for law enforcement purposes.</p>
         <p>“Interrogation of detainees” means a systematic process of formally and officially questioning a detainee for the purpose of obtaining reliable information to satisfy foreign intelligence collection requirements.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(b)  Contractor personnel shall not interrogate detainees.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(c)  <i>Subcontracts</i>.  The Contractor shall include the substance of this clause,</p>
         <p> including this paragraph (c), in all subcontracts, including subcontracts for commercial items, that may require subcontractor personnel to interact with detainees in the course of their duties.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
