<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept xtrc=""
            id="DFARS_252_225_7063"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title rev="Revised May 30, 2024" class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.225-7063</ph> Restriction on Acquisition of Components of T–AO 205 and T-ARC Class Vessels.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body concept/conbody ">
         <p rev="Revised May 30, 2024" class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  href="225.7004-7.dita#DFARS_225_7004_7"
                  base="DFARS-225.7004-7"
                  xtrc="225.7004-7"
                  class="- topic/xref ">225.7004-7</xref>(c), use the following clause: </p>
         <p rev="Revised May 30, 2024"
            class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">RESTRICTION ON ACQUISITION OF COMPONENTS OF T--AO 205 AND T-ARC CLASS VESSELS (MAY 2024) </p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1" rev="Revised May 30, 2024">(a) Restriction. </p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2" rev="Revised May 30, 2024">(1) In accordance with 10 U.S.C. 4864, the following components of T–AO 205 and T-ARC class vessels must be manufactured in the United States, Australia, Canada, New Zealand, or the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (United Kingdom): </p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3" rev="Revised May 30, 2024">(i) Auxiliary equipment, including pumps, for all shipboard services. </p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3" rev="Revised May 30, 2024">(ii) Propulsion system components, including engines, reduction gears, and propellers. </p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3" rev="Revised May 30, 2024">(iii) Shipboard cranes. </p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3" rev="Revised May 30, 2024">(iv) Spreaders for shipboard cranes. </p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2" rev="Revised May 30, 2024">(2) The Contractor shall deliver under this contract only T-AO 205 and T-ARC class vessel components, as described in paragraph (a)(1) of this clause, manufactured in the United States, Australia, Canada, New Zealand, or the United Kingdom (10 U.S.C. 4864). </p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1" rev="Revised May 30, 2024">(b) Subcontracts. The Contractor shall insert the substance of this clause, including this paragraph (b), in subcontracts for the components described in paragraph (a)(1) of this clause that exceed the simplified acquisition threshold, including subcontracts for commercial products and commercial services. </p>
         <p rev="Revised May 30, 2024"
            class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="Endofclause">(End of clause) </p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
