<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS-252.227-7020"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.227-7020</ph> Rights in Special Works.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in227.7105-3, <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     href="227.7106.dita#DFARS-227.7106"
                     base="DFARS-227.7106"
                     class="- topic/xref ">227.7106</xref>
            </ph>(a) or <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     href="227.7205.dita#DFARS-227.7205"
                     base="DFARS-227.7205"
                     class="- topic/xref ">227.7205</xref>
            </ph>(a), use the following clause:</p>
         <p outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps" class="- topic/p ">RIGHTS IN SPECIAL WORKS (JUN 1995)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Applicability.</i> This clause applies to works first created, generated, or produced and required to be delivered under this contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definitions</i>. As used in this clause:</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) “Computer data base” means a collection of data recorded in a form capable of being processed by a computer. The term does not include computer software.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) “Computer program” means a set of instructions, rules, or routines recorded in a form that is capable of causing a computer to perform a specific operation or series of operations.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) “Computer software” means computer programs, source code, source code listings, object code listings, design details, algorithms, processes, flow charts, formulae and related material that would enable the software to be reproduced, recreated, or recompiled. Computer software does not include computer data bases or computer software documentation.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) “Computer software documentation” means owner's manuals, user's manuals, installation instructions, operating instructions, and other similar items, regardless of storage medium, that explain the capabilities of the computer software or provide instructions for using the software.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5) “Unlimited rights” means the rights to use, modify, reproduce, perform, display, release, or disclose a work in whole or in part, in any manner, and for any purpose whatsoever, and to have or authorize others to do so.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6) The term “works” includes computer data bases, computer software, or computer software documentation; literary, musical, choreographic, or dramatic compositions; pantomimes; pictorial, graphic, or sculptural compositions; motion pictures and other audiovisual compositions; sound recordings in any medium; or, items of similar nature.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">License rights</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) The Government shall have unlimited rights in works first produced, created, or generated and required to be delivered under this contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) When a work is first produced, created, or generated under this contract, and such work is required to be delivered under this contract, the Contractor shall assign copyright in those works to the Government. The Contractor, unless directed to the contrary by the Contracting Officer, shall place the following notice on such works:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“© (Year date of delivery) United States Government, as represented by the Secretary of (department). All rights reserved.”</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">For phonorecords, the “©” marking shall be replaced by a “P”.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) The Contractor grants to the Government a royalty-free, world-wide, nonexclusive, irrevocable license to reproduce, prepare derivative works from, distribute, perform, or display, and to have or authorize others to do so, the Contractor's copyrighted works not first produced, created, or generated under this contract that have been incorporated into the works deliverable under this contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Third party copyrighted data</i>. The Contractor shall not incorporate, without the written approval of the Contracting Officer, any copyrighted works in the works to be delivered under this contract unless the Contractor is the copyright owner or has obtained for the Government the license rights necessary to perfect a license of the scope identified in paragraph (c)(3) of this clause and, prior to delivery of such works—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Has affixed to the transmittal document a statement of the license rights obtained; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) For computer software, has provided a statement of the license rights obtained in a form acceptable to the Contracting Officer.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Indemnification.</i> The Contractor shall indemnify and save and hold harmless the Government, and its officers, agents and employees acting for the Government, against any liability, including costs and expenses, (1) for violation of proprietary rights, copyrights, or rights of privacy or publicity, arising out of the creation, delivery, use, modification, reproduction, release, performance, display, or disclosure of any works furnished under this contract, or (2) based upon any libelous or other unlawful matter contained in such works.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(f) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Government-furnished information</i>. Paragraphs (d) and (e) of this clause are not applicable to information furnished to the Contractor by the Government and incorporated in the works delivered under this contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
