<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-252.204-7004"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.204-7004</ph> Antiterrorism Awareness Training for Contractors.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="DFARS-204.7203"
                     href="204.7203.dita#DFARS-204.7203">204.7203</xref>
            </ph>, use the following clause:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">Level I Antiterrorism Awareness Training for Contractors (FEB 2019)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definition.</i>  As used in this clause—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Military installation” means a base, camp, post, station, yard, center, or other activity under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of a military department or, in the case of an activity in a foreign country, under the operational control of the Secretary of a military department or the Secretary of Defense (see 10 U.S.C. 2801(c)(4)).</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Training.</i>  Contractor personnel who require routine physical access to a Federally-controlled facility or military installation shall complete Level I antiterrorism awareness training within 30 days of requiring access and annually thereafter.  In accordance with Department of Defense Instruction O-2000.16 Volume 1, DoD Antiterrorism (AT) Program Implementation:  DoD AT Standards, Level I antiterrorism awareness training shall be completed—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Through a DoD-sponsored and certified computer or web-based distance learning instruction for Level I antiterrorism awareness; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Under the instruction of a Level I antiterrorism awareness instructor.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Additional information</i>.  Information and guidance pertaining to DoD antiterrorism awareness training is available at https://jko.jten.mil/ or as otherwise identified in the performance work statement. </p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Subcontracts</i>.  The Contractor shall include the substance of this clause, including this paragraph (d), in subcontracts, including subcontracts for commercial items, when subcontractor performance requires routine physical access to a Federally-controlled facility or military installation.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
