<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-252.239-7013"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.239-7013</ph> Term of Agreement and Continuation of Services.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">Basic.  As prescribed in <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="DFARS-239.7411"
                     href="239.7411.dita#DFARS-239.7411">239.7411</xref>
            </ph>(c)(1), use the following clause:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">TERM OF AGREEMENT AND CONTINUATION OF SERVICES–BASIC (OCT 2019)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  This basic agreement is not a contract.  The Government incurs liability only upon issuance of a communication service authorization, which is a contract that incorporates the terms and conditions of this basic agreement.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  This agreement shall continue in force from year to year, unless terminated by either party by 30 days’ written notice.  Termination of this basic agreement does not terminate or cancel any communication service authorizations issued under this basic agreement prior to the termination.  </p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  Communication service authorizations issued under this basic agreement may be modified to incorporate the terms and conditions of a new basic agreement negotiated with the Contractor.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
         <section outputclass="Alternate" class="- topic/section ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Alternate I.  As prescribed in <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
                  <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                        class="- topic/xref "
                        base="DFARS-239.7411"
                        href="239.7411.dita#DFARS-239.7411">239.7411</xref>
               </ph>(c)(2), use the following clause, which uses a different paragraph (c) than the basic clause and adds a new paragraph (d).</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">TERM OF AGREEMENT AND CONTINUATION OF SERVICES–ALTERNATE I (OCT 2019)</p>
            <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  This basic agreement is not a contract.  The Government incurs liability only upon issuance of a communication service authorization, which is a contract that incorporates the terms and conditions of this basic agreement.</p>
            <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  This agreement shall continue in force from year to year, unless terminated by either party by 30 days’ written notice.  Termination of this basic agreement does not terminate or cancel any communication service authorizations issued under this basic agreement prior to the termination.  </p>
            <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  The Contractor’s current communication services authorizations have been modified to incorporate the terms and conditions of this basic agreement.   </p>
            <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  All current communication service authorizations issued by ___________________ that incorporate Basic Agreement Number __________, dated __________________, are modified to incorporate this basic agreement.  </p>
            <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Current communication service authorizations, issued by the activity in paragraph (c)(1) of this clause, that incorporate other agreements with the Contractor may also be modified to incorporate this basic agreement.</p>
            <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)  Communication service authorizations issued under this basic agreement may be modified to incorporate a new basic agreement with the Contractor.</p>
            <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
         </section>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
