<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.223-7007" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
      <title>
         <ph props="autonumber">252.223-7007</ph> Safeguarding Sensitive Conventional Arms, Ammunition, and Explosives.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause">
         <p>As prescribed in 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" base="DFARS-223.7203" href="223.7203.dita#DFARS_223.7203">223.7203</xref>
            , use the following clause:</p>
         <p outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">SAFEGUARDING SENSITIVE CONVENTIONAL ARMS, AMMUNITION, AND EXPLOSIVES (SEP 1999)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(a)  <i>Definition</i>.  “Arms, ammunition, and explosives (AA&amp;E),” as used in this clause, means those items within the scope (chapter 1, paragraph B) of DoD 5100.76-M, Physical Security of Sensitive Conventional Arms, Ammunition, and Explosives.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(b)  The requirements of DoD 5100.76-M apply to the following items of AA&amp;E being developed, produced, manufactured, or purchased for the Government, or provided to the Contractor as Government-furnished property under this contract:</p>
         <p></p>
         <table frame="all" colsep="1" rowsep="0">
            <tgroup cols="3" colsep="1" rowsep="0" outputclass="Table">
               <colspec colnum="1" colname="1" colwidth="35*" rowheader="headers" />
               <colspec colnum="2" colname="2" colwidth="35*" rowheader="headers" />
               <colspec colnum="3" colname="3" colwidth="30*" rowheader="headers" />
               <tbody>
                  <row rowsep="1">
                     <entry>
                        <p></p>
                        <p>NOMENCLATURE</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p>NATIONAL STOCK NUMBER</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p>SENSITIVITY/CATEGORY</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="1">
                     <entry>
                        <p></p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p></p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p></p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0">
                     <entry>
                        <p></p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p></p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p></p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
               </tbody>
            </tgroup>
         </table>
         <p outputclass="List1"></p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(c)  The Contractor shall comply with the requirements of DoD 5100.76-M, as specified in the statement of work.  The edition of DoD 5100.76-M in effect on the date of issuance of the solicitation for this contract shall apply.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(d)  The Contractor shall allow representatives of the Defense Security Service (DSS), and representatives of other appropriate offices of the Government, access at all reasonable times into its facilities and those of its subcontractors, for the purpose of performing surveys, inspections, and investigations necessary to review compliance with the physical security standards applicable to this contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(e)  The Contractor shall notify the cognizant DSS field office of any subcontract involving AA&amp;E within 10 days after award of the subcontract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(f)  The Contractor shall ensure that the requirements of this clause are included in all subcontracts, at every tier—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1)  For the development, production, manufacture, or purchase of AA&amp;E; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2)  When AA&amp;E will be provided to the subcontractor as Government-furnished property.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(g)  Nothing in this clause shall relieve the Contractor of its responsibility for complying with applicable Federal, state, and local laws, ordinances, codes, and regulations (including requirements for obtaining licenses and permits) in connection with the performance of this contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
