<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.229-7009"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.229-7009</ph> Relief from Customs Duty and Value Added Tax on Fuel (Passenger Vehicles) (United Kingdom).</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="i1379979"
                  href="229.402-70.dita#DFARS_229.402-70">229.402-70</xref>
            (i), use the following clause:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">RELIEF FROM CUSTOMS DUTY AND VALUE ADDED TAX ON FUEL (PASSENGER VEHICLES) (UNITED KINGDOM) (JUN 1997)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  Pursuant to an agreement between the United States Government and Her Majesty’s (HM) Customs and Excise, fuels and lubricants used by passenger vehicles (except taxis) in the performance of this contract will be exempt from customs duty and value added tax.  Therefore, the procedures outlined in HM Customs and Excise Notice No. 431B, August 1982, and any amendment thereto, shall be used to obtain relief from both customs duty and value added tax for fuel used under the contract.  These procedures shall apply to both loaded and unloaded miles.  The unit prices shall be based on the recoupment by the Contractor of customs duty in accordance with the following allowances:</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Vehicles (except taxis) with a seating capacity of less than 29, one gallon for every 27 miles.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Vehicles with a seating capacity of 29-53, one gallon for every 13 miles.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  Vehicles with a seating capacity of 54 or more, one gallon for every 10 miles.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  In the event the mileage of any route is increased or decreased within 10 percent, resulting in no change in route price, the customs duty shall be reclaimed from HM Customs and Excise on actual mileage performed.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
