<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.247-7026"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.247-7026</ph> Evaluation Preference for Use of Domestic Shipyards — Applicable to Acquisition of Carriage by Vessel for DoD Cargo in the Coastwise or Noncontiguous Trade.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="provision" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-247.574"
                  href="247.574.dita#DFARS_247.574">247.574</xref>
            (d), use the following provision:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">EVALUATION PREFERENCE FOR USE OF DOMESTIC SHIPYARDS — APPLICABLE TO ACQUISITION OF CARRIAGE BY VESSEL FOR DOD CARGO IN THE COASTWISE OR NONCONTIGUOUS TRADE (NOV 2008)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definitions</i>.  As used in this provision—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Covered vessel” means a vessel—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Owned, operated, or controlled by the offeror; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Qualified to engage in the carriage of cargo in the coastwise or noncontiguous trade under Section 27 of the Merchant Marine Act, 1920 (46 U.S.C. 12101, 12132, and 55102), commonly referred to as “Jones Act”; 46 U.S.C. 12102, 12112, and 12119; and Section 2 of the Shipping Act, 1916 (46 U.S.C. 50501).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Foreign shipyard” means a shipyard that is not a U.S. shipyard.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Overhaul, repair, and maintenance work” means work requiring a shipyard period greater than or equal to 5 calendar days.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Shipyard” means a facility capable of performing overhaul, repair, and maintenance work on covered vessels.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“U.S. shipyard” means a shipyard that is located in any State of the United States or in Guam.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  This solicitation includes an evaluation criterion that considers the extent to which the offeror has had overhaul, repair, and maintenance work for covered vessels performed in U.S. shipyards.  </p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  The offeror shall provide the following information with its offer, addressing all covered vessels for which overhaul, repair, and maintenance work has been performed during the period covering the current calendar year, up to the date of proposal submission, and the preceding four calendar years:  </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Name of vessel.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Description and cost of qualifying shipyard work performed in U.S. shipyards.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  Description and cost of qualifying shipyard work performed in foreign shipyards and whether—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  Such work was performed as emergency repairs in foreign shipyards due to accident, emergency, Act of God, or an infirmity to the vessel, and safety considerations warranted taking the vessel to a foreign shipyard; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  Such work was paid for or reimbursed by the U.S. Government.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4)  Names of shipyards that performed the work.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5)  Inclusive dates of work performed.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)  Offerors are responsible for submitting accurate information.  The Contracting Officer—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Will use the information to evaluate offers in accordance with the criteria specified in the solicitation; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Reserves the right to request supporting documentation if determined necessary in the proposal evaluation process.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e)  The Department of Defense will provide the information submitted in response to this provision to the congressional defense committees, as required by Section 1017 of Pub. L. 109-364.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofprovision" class="- topic/p ">(End of provision)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
