<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-252.236-7007"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.236-7007</ph> Additive or Deductive Items.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="provision" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="DFARS-236.570"
                     href="236.570.dita#DFARS-236.570">236.570</xref>
            </ph>(b)(5), use the following provision:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">ADDITIVE OR DEDUCTIVE ITEMS (DEC 1991)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  The low offeror and the items to be awarded shall be determined as follows—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Prior to the opening of bids, the Government will determine the amount of funds available for the project.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  The low offeror shall be the Offeror that—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  Is otherwise eligible for award; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  Offers the lowest aggregate amount for the first or base bid item, plus or minus (in the order stated in the list of priorities in the bid schedule) those additive or deductive items that provide the most features within the funds determined available.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  The Contracting Officer shall evaluate all bids on the basis of the same additive or deductive items.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  If adding another item from the bid schedule list of priorities would make the award exceed the available funds for all offerors, the Contracting Officer will skip that item and go to the next item from the bid schedule of priorities; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  Add that next item if an award may be made that includes that item and is within the available funds.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  The Contracting Officer will use the list of priorities in the bid schedule only to determine the low offeror.  After determining the low offeror, an award may be made on any combination of items if—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  It is in the best interest of the Government;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Funds are available at the time of award; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  The low offeror's price for the combination to be awarded is less than the price offered by any other responsive, responsible offeror.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Example.  </i>The amount available is $100,000.  Offeror A's base bid and four additives (in the order stated in the list of priorities in the bid Schedule) are $85,000, $10,000, $8,000, $6,000, and $4,000.  Offeror B's base bid and four additives are $80,000, $16,000, $9,000, $7,000, and $4,000.  Offeror A is the low offeror.  The aggregate amount of offeror A's bid for purposes of award would be $99,000, which includes a base bid plus the first and fourth additives.  The second and third additives were skipped because each of them would cause the aggregate bid to exceed $100,000.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofprovision" class="- topic/p ">(End of provision)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
