<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.247-7007" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.247-7007</ph> Liability and Insurance.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref " base="i1380736" href="247.270-4.dita#DFARS_247.270-4">247.270-4</xref>
            (c), use the following clause:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">LIABILITY AND INSURANCE (DEC 1991)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  The Contractor shall be—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Liable to the Government for loss or damage to property, real and personal, owned by the Government or for which the Government is liable;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Responsible for, and hold the Government harmless from, loss of or damage to property not included in paragraph (a)(1); and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  Responsible for, and hold the Government harmless from, bodily injury and death of persons, resulting either in whole or in part from the negligence or fault of the Contractor, its officers, agents, or employees in the performance of work under this contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  For the purpose of this clause, all cargo loaded or unloaded under this contract is agreed to be property owned by the Government or property for which the Government is liable.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  The amount of the loss or damage as determined by the Contracting Officer will be withheld from payments otherwise due the Contractor.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Determination of liability and responsibility by the Contracting Officer will constitute questions of fact within the meaning of the Disputes clause of this contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  The general liability and responsibility of the Contractor under this clause are subject only to the following specific limitations.  The Contractor is not responsible to the Government for, and does not agree to hold the Government harmless from, loss or damage to property or bodily injury to or death of persons if—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  The unseaworthiness of the vessel, or failure or defect of the gear or equipment furnished by the Government, contributed jointly with the fault or negligence of the Contractor in causing such damage, injury, or death; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  The Contractor, his officers, agents, and employees, by the exercise of due diligence, could not have discovered such unseaworthiness or defect of gear or equipment; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  Through the exercise of due diligence could not otherwise have avoided such damage, injury, or death.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  The damage, injury, or death resulted solely from an act or omission of the Government or its employees, or resulted solely from proper compliance by officers, agents, or employees of the Contractor with specific directions of the Contracting Officer.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)  The Contractor shall at its own expense acquire and maintain insurance during the term of this contract, as follows—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Standard workmen's compensation and employer's liability insurance and longshoremen's and harbor workers' compensation insurance, or such of these as may be proper under applicable state or Federal statutes.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  The Contractor may, with the prior approval of the Contracting Officer, be a self-insurer against the risk of this paragraph (d)(1).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  This approval will be given upon receipt of satisfactory evidence that the Contractor has qualified as a self-insurer under applicable provision of law.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Bodily injury liability insurance in an amount of not less than $300,000 on account of any one occurrence.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  Property damage liability insurance (which shall include any and all property, whether or not in the care, custody, or control of the Contractor) in an amount of not less than $300,000 for any one occurrence.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e)  Each policy shall provide, by appropriate endorsement or otherwise, that cancellation or material change in the policy shall not be effective until after a 30 day written notice is furnished the Contracting Officer.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(f)  The Contractor shall furnish the Contracting Officer with satisfactory evidence of the insurance required in paragraph (d) before performance of any work under this contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(g)  The Contractor shall, at its own cost and expense, defend any suits, demands, claims, or actions, in which the United States might be named as a co-defendant of the Contractor, resulting from the Contractor's performance of work under this contract.  This requirement is without regard to whether such suit, demand, claim, or action was the result of the Contractor's negligence.  The Government shall have the right to appear in such suit, participate in defense, and take such actions as may be necessary to protect the interest of the United States.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(h)  It is expressly agreed that the provisions in paragraphs (d) through (g) of this clause shall not in any manner limit the liability or extend the liability of the Contractor as provided in paragraphs (a) through (c) of this clause.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  The Contractor shall—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Equitably reimburse the Government if the Contractor is indemnified, reimbursed, or relieved of any loss or damage to Government property;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Do nothing to prevent the Government's right to recover against third parties for any such loss or damage; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  Furnish the Government, upon the request of the Contracting Officer, at the Government's expense, all reasonable assistance and cooperation in obtaining recovery, including the prosecution of suit and the execution of instruments of assignment in favor of the Government.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
