<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-252.235-7003"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.235-7003</ph> Frequency Authorization.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Basic</i>.  As prescribed in 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-235.072"
                  href="235.072.dita#DFARS-235.072">235.072</xref>
            (b) and (b)(1), use the following clause:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">FREQUENCY AUTHORIZATION—BASIC (MAR 2014)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  The Contractor shall obtain authorization for radio frequencies required in support of this contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  For any experimental, developmental, or operational equipment for which the appropriate frequency allocation has not been made, the Contractor shall provide the technical operating characteristics of the proposed electromagnetic radiating device to the Contracting Officer during the initial planning, experimental, or developmental phase of contract performance.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  The Contracting Officer shall furnish the procedures for obtaining radio frequency authorization.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)  The Contractor shall include this clause, including this paragraph (d), in all subcontracts requiring the development, production, construction, testing, or operation of a device for which a radio frequency authorization is required.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
         <section outputclass="Alternate" class="- topic/section ">
            <p outputclass="Bold" class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Alternate</i>
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">I</i>.  As prescribed in 
                  <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="DFARS-235.072"
                     href="235.072.dita#DFARS-235.072">235.072</xref>
               (b) and (b)(2), use the following clause, which uses a different paragraph (c) than the basic clause: </p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">FREQUENCY AUTHORIZATION—ALTERNATE I (MAR 2014)</p>
            <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  The Contractor shall obtain authorization for radio frequencies required in support of this contract.</p>
            <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  For any experimental, developmental, or operational equipment for which the appropriate frequency allocation has not been made, the Contractor shall provide the technical operating characteristics of the proposed electromagnetic radiating device to the Contracting Officer during the initial planning, experimental, or developmental phase of contract performance.</p>
            <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  The contractor shall use DD Form 1494, Application for Equipment Frequency Allocation, to obtain radio frequency authorization.</p>
            <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)  The Contractor shall include this clause, including this paragraph (d), in all subcontracts requiring the development, production, construction, testing, or operation of a device for which a radio frequency authorization is required.</p>
            <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
         </section>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
