<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-252.217-7009"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.217-7009</ph> Default.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="DFARS-217.7104"
                     href="217.7104.dita#DFARS-217.7104">217.7104</xref>
            </ph>(a), use the following clause:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">DEFAULT (DEC 1991)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  The Government may, subject to the provisions of paragraph (b) of this clause, by written notice of default to the Contractor, terminate the whole or any part of a job order if the Contractor fails to—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Make delivery of the supplies or to perform the services within the time specified in a job order or any extension;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Make progress, so as to endanger performance of the job order; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  Perform any of the other provisions of this agreement or a job order.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  Except for defaults of subcontractors, the Contractor shall not be liable for any excess costs if failure to perform the job order arises from causes beyond the control and without the fault or negligence of the Contractor.  Examples of such causes include acts of God or of the public enemy, acts of the Government in either its sovereign or contractual capacity, fires, floods, epidemics, quarantine restrictions, strikes, freight embargoes, and unusually severe weather.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  If the Contractor's failure to perform is caused by the default of a subcontractor, and if such default arises out of causes beyond the control of both the Contractor and subcontractor, and without the fault or negligence of either, the Contractor shall not be liable for any excess costs for failure to perform, unless the supplies or services to be furnished by the subcontractor were obtainable from other sources in sufficient time to permit the Contractor to perform the job order within the time specified.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)  If the Government terminates the job order in whole or in part as provided in paragraph (a) of this clause—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  The Government may, upon such terms and in such manner as the Contracting Officer may deem appropriate, arrange for the completion of the work so terminated, at such plant or plants, including that of the Contractor, as may be designated by the Contracting Officer. </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">			(i)  The Contractor shall continue the performance of the job order to the extent not terminated under the provisions of this clause.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  If the work is to be completed at the plant, the Government may use all tools, machinery, facilities, and equipment of the Contractor determined by the Contracting Office to be necessary for that purpose.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii)  If the cost to the Government of the work procured or completed (after adjusting such cost to exclude the effect of changes in the plans and specifications made subsequent to the date of termination) exceeds the price fixed for work under the job order (after adjusting such price on account of changes in the plans and specifications made before the date of termination), the Contractor, or the Contractor's surety, if any, shall be liable for such excess.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  The Government, in addition to any other rights provided in this clause, may require the Contractor to transfer title and delivery to the Government, in the manner and to the extent directed by the Contracting Officer, any completed supplies and such partially completed supplies and materials, parts, tools, dies, jigs, fixtures, plans, drawings, information and contract rights (hereinafter called “manufacturing materials”) as the Contractor has specifically produced or specifically acquired for the performance of the terminated part of the job order.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  The Contractor shall, upon direction of the Contracting Officer, protect and preserve property in possession of the Contractor in which the Government has an interest.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  The Government shall pay to the Contractor the job order price for completed items of work delivered to and accepted by the Government, and the amount agreed upon by the Contractor and the Contracting Officer for manufacturing materials delivered to and accepted by the Government, and for the protection and preservation of property.  Failure to agree shall be a dispute concerning a question of fact within the meaning of the Disputes clause.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e)  If, after notice of termination of the job order, it is determined that the Contractor was not in default, or that the default was excusable, the rights and obligations of the parties shall be the same as if the notice of termination had been issued for the convenience of the Government.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(f)  If the Contractor fails to complete the performance of a job order within the time specified, or any extension, the actual damage to the Government for the delay will be difficult or impossible to determine.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  In lieu of actual damage, the Contractor shall pay to the Government as fixed, agreed, and liquidated damages for each calendar day of delay the amount, if any, set forth in the job order (prorated to the nearest hour for fractional days).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  If the Government terminates the job order, the Contractor shall be liable, in addition to the excess costs provided in paragraph (d) of this clause, for liquidated damages accruing until such time as the Government may reasonably obtain completion of the work.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  The Contractor shall not be charged with liquidated damages when the delay arises out of causes beyond the control and without the fault or negligence of the Contractor.  Subject to the provisions of the Disputes clause of the Master Agreement, the Contracting Officer shall ascertain the facts and the extent of the delay and shall extend the time for performance when in the judgment of the Contracting Officer, the findings of fact justify an extension.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(g)  The rights and remedies of the Government provided in this clause shall not be exclusive and are in addition to any other rights and remedies provided by law under this agreement.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
