<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-252.247-7027"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.247-7027</ph> Riding Gang Member Requirements. </title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="Bold" class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-247.574"
                  href="247.574.dita#DFARS-247.574">247.574</xref>
            (e), use the following clause:</p>
         <p outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps" class="- topic/p ">RIDING GANG MEMBER REQUIREMENTS (MAY 2018)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  Definition.  “Riding gang member,” as used in this clause, has the same definition as “riding gang member” in title 46 U.S.C. 2101.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  Requirements relating to riding gang members.  Notwithstanding 46 U.S.C. 8106, the Contractor shall ensure each riding gang member holds a valid U.S. Merchant Mariner's Document issued under 46 U.S.C. chapter 73, or a transportation security card issued under section 70105 of such title.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  Exemption. </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  An individual is exempt from the requirements of paragraph (b) of this clause and shall not be treated as a riding gang member for the purposes of section 8106 of title 46, if that individual is on a vessel for purposes other than engaging in the operation or maintenance of the vessel and is—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  One of the personnel who accompanies, supervises, guards, or maintains unit equipment aboard a ship, commonly referred to as supercargo personnel;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  One of the force protection personnel of the vessel;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii)  A specialized repair technician; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv)  An individual who is otherwise required by the Secretary of Defense or designee to be aboard the vessel. </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Any individual who is exempt under paragraph (c)(1) of this clause must pass a DoD background check before going aboard the vessel.  </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  The Contractor shall—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  Render all necessary assistance to U.S. Armed Forces personnel with respect to the identification and screening of exempted individuals.  This will require, at a minimum, the Contractor to submit the name and other biographical information necessary to the Government official specified in the contract for the purposes of conducting a background check; and</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">(B)  Deny access or immediately remove any individual(s) from the vessel deemed unsuitable for any reason by the Government agency conducting the background checks.  The Contractor agrees to replace any such individual promptly and require such replacements to fully comply with all screening requirements.</p>
         <p outputclass="Bold" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  The head of the contracting activity may waive this requirement if the individual possesses a valid U.S. Merchant Mariner's Document issued under 46 U.S.C., chapter 73, or a transportation security card issued under section 70105 of such title.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  An individual exempted under paragraph (c)(1) of this clause is not treated as a riding gang member and shall not be counted as an individual in addition to the crew for the purposes of 46 U.S.C. 3304.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
