<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.225-7055" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
      <title>
         <ph props="autonumber">252.225-7055</ph> Representation Regarding         Business Operations with the Maduro Regime.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p>As prescribed in <xref href="225.7020-5.dita#DFARS_225.7020-5" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">225.7020-5</xref>(a), use the following
            provision:</p>
         <p outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">REPRESENTATION REGARDING BUSINESS OPERATIONS WITH THE MADURO
            REGIME (MAY 2022)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1"> (a) Definitions. As used in this provision—</p>
         <p> Agency or instrumentality of the government of Venezuela, business
            operations, government of Venezuela, and person have the meaning given in the clause
            <xref href="252.225-7056.dita#DFARS_252.225-7056" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">252.225-7056</xref>,
            Prohibition Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime, of this
            solicitation.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1"> (b) Prohibition. In accordance with section 890 of the National
            Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Pub. L. 116-92), DoD is prohibited from
            entering into a contract for the procurement of products or services with any person
            that has business operations with an authority of the government of Venezuela that is
            not recognized as the legitimate government of Venezuela by the U.S. Government, unless
            the person has a valid license to operate in Venezuela issued by the Office of Foreign
            Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1"> (c) Representation. By submission of its offer, the Offeror
            represents that the Offeror is a person that—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2"> (1) Does not have any business operations with an authority of the
            Maduro regime or the government of Venezuela that is not recognized as the legitimate
            government of Venezuela by the U.S. Government; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List2"> (2) Has a valid license to operate in Venezuela issued by the
            Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury. </p>
         <p outputclass="Endofprovision">(End of provision) </p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
