<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.225-7057"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title "> 
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.225-7057</ph> Preaward Disclosure of Employment of Individuals Who Work in the People’s Republic of China.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p>As prescribed in 225.7021-4(a), use the following provision: </p>
         <p outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">PREAWARD DISCLOSURE OF EMPLOYMENT OF INDIVIDUALS WHO WORK IN THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA (AUG 2022) </p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(a) Definitions. As used in this provision— </p>
         <p>“Covered contract” and “covered entity” have the meaning given in the clause 252.225-7058, Postaward Disclosure of Employment of Individuals Who Work in the People’s Republic of China. </p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(b) Prohibition on award. In accordance with section 855 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 (Pub. L. 117-81, 10 U.S.C. 4651 note prec.), DoD may not award a contract to the Offeror if it is a covered entity and proposes to employ one or more individuals who will perform work in the People’s Republic of China on a covered contract, unless the Offeror has disclosed its use of workforce and facilities in the People’s Republic of China. </p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(c) Preaward disclosure requirement. At the time of submission of an offer for a covered contract, an Offeror that is a covered entity shall provide disclosures to include— </p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) The proposed use of workforce on a covered contract or subcontract, if the Offeror employs one or more individuals who perform work in the People’s Republic of China; </p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2) The total number of such individuals who will perform work in the People’s Republic of China; and </p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(3) A description of the physical presence, including street address or addresses, in the People’s Republic of China, where work on the covered contract will be performed. </p>
         <p outputclass="Endofprovision">(End of provision) </p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
