<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.225-7048"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.225-7048</ph> Export-Controlled Items.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="i1379499"
                  href="225.7901-4.dita#DFARS_225.7901-4">225.7901-4</xref>
            , use the following clause:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">EXPORT CONTROLLED ITEMS (JUNE 2013)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definition.  </i>“Export-controlled items,” as used in this clause, means items subject to the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) (15 CFR Parts 730-774) or the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) (22 CFR Parts 120-130).  The term includes:</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  “Defense items,” defined in the Arms Export Control Act, 22 U.S.C. 2778(j)(4)(A), as defense articles, defense services, and related technical data, and further defined in the ITAR, 22 CFR Part 120.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  “Items,” defined in the EAR as “commodities”, “software”, and “technology,” terms that are also defined in the EAR, 15 CFR 772.1.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  The Contractor shall comply with all applicable laws and regulations regarding export-controlled items, including, but not limited to, the requirement for contractors to register with the Department of State in accordance with the ITAR.  The Contractor shall consult with the Department of State regarding any questions relating to compliance with the ITAR and shall consult with the Department of Commerce regarding any questions relating to compliance with the EAR.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  The Contractor's responsibility to comply with all applicable laws and regulations regarding export-controlled items exists independent of, and is not established or limited by, the information provided by this clause.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)  Nothing in the terms of this contract adds, changes, supersedes, or waives any of the requirements of applicable Federal laws, Executive orders, and regulations, including but not limited to—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  The Export Administration Act of 1979, as amended (50 U.S.C. App. 2401, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">et seq.</i>);</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  The Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">et</i>
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">seq</i>.);</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  The International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701, et seq.);</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4)  The Export Administration Regulations (15 CFR Parts 730-774); </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5)  The International Traffic in Arms Regulations (22 CFR Parts 120-130); and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6)  Executive Order 13222, as extended.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e)  The Contractor shall include the substance of this clause, including this paragraph (e), in all subcontracts.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
