<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept id="DFARS-252.204-7007">
      <title>
         <ph props="autonumber">252.204-7007</ph> Alternate A, Annual Representations and Certifications.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p>As prescribed in <ph xtrc="DFARxref">
               <xref base="DFARS-204.1202"
                     href="204.1202.dita#DFARS-204.1202"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">204.1202</xref>
            </ph>, use the following provision:</p>
         <p outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (<ph otherprops="" outputclass="" props="" xtrc="" xtrf="">NOV</ph> 2020)</p>
         <p>Substitute the following paragraphs (b), (d), and (e) for paragraphs (b) and (d) of the provision at <ph xtrc="FARxref">FAR 52.204-8</ph>:</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(b)(1) If the provision at <ph xtrc="FARxref">FAR 52.204-7</ph>, System for Award Management, is included in this solicitation, paragraph (e) of this provision applies.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2) If the provision at <ph xtrc="FARxref">FAR 52.204-7</ph>, System for Award Management, is not included in this solicitation, and the Offeror has an active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM), the Offeror may choose to use paragraph (e) of this provision instead of completing the corresponding individual representations and certifications in the solicitation. The Offeror shall indicate which option applies by checking one of the following boxes:</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">___ (i) Paragraph (e) applies.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">___ (ii) Paragraph (e) does not apply and the Offeror has completed the individual representations and certifications in the solicitation.</p>
         <p>(d)(1) The following representations or certifications in the SAM database are applicable to this solicitation as indicated:</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(i) <ph xtrc="DFARxref">
               <xref base="i1381052"
                     href="252.204-7016.dita#DFARS-252.204-7016"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">252.204-7016</xref>
            </ph>, Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services—Representation. Applies to all solicitations.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(<ph otherprops="" outputclass="" props="" xtrc="" xtrf="">ii</ph>) <ph xtrc="DFARxref">
               <xref base="i1381546"
                     href="252.216-7008.dita#DFARS-252.216-7008"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">252.216-7008</xref>
            </ph>, Economic Price Adjustment—Wage Rates or Material Prices Controlled by a Foreign Government. Applies to solicitations for fixed-price supply and service contracts when the contract is to be performed wholly or in part in a foreign country, and a foreign government controls wage rates or material prices and may during contract performance impose a mandatory change in wages or prices of materials.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(<ph otherprops="" outputclass="" props="" xtrc="" xtrf="">iii</ph>) <ph xtrc="DFARxref">
               <xref base="i1382418"
                     href="252.225-7042.dita#DFARS-252.225-7042"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">252.225-7042</xref>
            </ph>, Authorization to Perform. Applies to all solicitations when performance will be wholly or in part in a foreign country.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(<ph otherprops="" outputclass="" props="" xtrc="" xtrf="">iv</ph>) <ph xtrc="DFARxref">
               <xref base="i1382492"
                     href="252.225-7049.dita#DFARS-252.225-7049"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">252.225-7049</xref>
            </ph>, Prohibition on Acquisition of Certain Foreign Commercial Satellite Services—Representations. Applies to solicitations for the acquisition of commercial satellite services.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(<ph otherprops="" outputclass="" props="" xtrc="" xtrf="">v</ph>) <ph xtrc="DFARxref">
               <xref base="i1382515"
                     href="252.225-7050.dita#DFARS-252.225-7050"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">252.225-7050</xref>
            </ph>, Disclosure of Ownership or Control by the Government of a Country that is a State Sponsor of Terrorism. Applies to all solicitations expected to result in contracts of $150,000 or more.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(<ph otherprops="" outputclass="" props="" xtrc="" xtrf="">vi</ph>) <ph xtrc="DFARxref">
               <xref base="i1383180"
                     href="252.229-7012.dita#DFARS-252.229-7012"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">252.229-7012</xref>
            </ph>, Tax Exemptions (Italy)—Representation. Applies to solicitations and contracts when contract performance will be in Italy.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(<ph otherprops="" outputclass="" props="" xtrc="" xtrf="">vii</ph>) <ph xtrc="DFARxref">
               <xref base="i1383189"
                     href="252.229-7013.dita#DFARS-252.229-7013"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">252.229-7013</xref>
            </ph>, Tax Exemptions (Spain)—Representation. Applies to solicitations and contracts when contract performance will be in Spain.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(<ph otherprops="" outputclass="" props="" xtrc="" xtrf="">ix</ph>) <ph xtrc="DFARxref">
               <xref base="i1384249"
                     href="252.247-7022.dita#DFARS-252.247-7022"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">252.247-7022</xref>
            </ph>, Representation of Extent of Transportation by Sea. Applies to all solicitations except those for direct purchase of ocean transportation services or those with an anticipated value at or below the simplified acquisition threshold.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2) The following representations or certifications in SAM are applicable to this solicitation as indicated by the Contracting Officer: <i>[Contracting Officer check as appropriate.]</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List3">___ (i) <ph xtrc="DFARxref">
               <xref base="i1381117"
                     href="252.209-7002.dita#DFARS-252.209-7002"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">252.209-7002</xref>
            </ph>, Disclosure of Ownership or Control by a Foreign Government.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">___ (ii) <ph xtrc="DFARxref">
               <xref base="i1381922"
                     href="252.225-7000.dita#DFARS-252.225-7000"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">252.225-7000</xref>
            </ph>, Buy American—Balance of Payments Program Certificate.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">___ (iii) <ph xtrc="DFARxref">
               <xref base="i1382106"
                     href="252.225-7020.dita#DFARS-252.225-7020"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">252.225-7020</xref>
            </ph>, Trade Agreements Certificate.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">___ Use with Alternate I.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">___ (iv) <ph xtrc="DFARxref">
               <xref base="i1382206"
                     href="252.225-7031.dita#DFARS-252.225-7031"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">252.225-7031</xref>
            </ph>, Secondary Arab Boycott of Israel.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">___ (v) <ph xtrc="DFARxref">
               <xref base="i1382230"
                     href="252.225-7035.dita#DFARS-252.225-7035"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">252.225-7035</xref>
            </ph>, Buy American—Free Trade Agreements—Balance of Payments Program Certificate.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">___ Use with Alternate I.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">___ Use with Alternate II.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">___ Use with Alternate III.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">___Use with Alternate IV.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">___ Use with Alternate V.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">___ (vi) <ph xtrc="DFARxref">
               <xref base="i1382558"
                     href="252.226-7002.dita#DFARS-252.226-7002"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">252.226-7002</xref>
            </ph>, Representation for Demonstration Project for Contractors Employing Persons with Disabilities.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">___ (vii) <ph xtrc="DFARxref">
               <xref base="i1383322"
                     href="252.232-7015.dita#DFARS-252.232-7015"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">252.232-7015</xref>
            </ph>, Performance-Based Payments—Representation.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(e) The offeror has completed the annual representations and certifications electronically via the SAM website at https://www.acquisition.gov/. After reviewing the SAM database information, the offeror verifies by submission of the offer that the representations and certifications currently posted electronically that apply to this solicitation as indicated in <ph xtrc="FARxref">FAR 52.204-8</ph>(c) and paragraph (d) of this provision have been entered or updated within the last 12 months, are current, accurate, complete, and applicable to this solicitation (including the business size standard applicable to the NAICS code referenced for this solicitation), as of the date of this offer, and are incorporated in this offer by reference (see <ph xtrc="FARxref">FAR 4.1201</ph>); except for the changes identified below <i>[offeror to</i>
            <i>insert changes, identifying change by provision number, title, date]</i>. These amended representation(s) and/or certification(s) are also incorporated in this offer and are current, accurate, and complete as of the date of this offer.</p>
         <table colsep="0" rowsep="0">
            <tgroup cols="4" colsep="0" outputclass="Table" rowsep="0">
               <colspec colname="1" colnum="1" colwidth="34*"/>
               <colspec colname="2" colnum="2" colwidth="29*"/>
               <colspec colname="3" colnum="3" colwidth="18*"/>
               <colspec colname="4" colnum="4" colwidth="20*"/>
               <tbody>
                  <row rowsep="0">
                     <entry>
                        <p>FAR/DFARS Provision #</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p>Title</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p>Date</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p>Change</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0">
                     <entry/>
                     <entry/>
                     <entry/>
                     <entry/>
                  </row>
               </tbody>
            </tgroup>
         </table>
         <p>Any changes provided by the offeror are applicable to this solicitation only, and do not result in an update to the representations and certifications located in the SAM database.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofprovision">(End of provision)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
