<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.225-7029"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.225-7029</ph> Acquisition of Uniform Components for Afghan Military or Afghan National Police.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="i1379449"
                  href="225.7703-4.dita#DFARS_225.7703-4">225.7703-4</xref>
            (d), use the following clause:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">ACQUISITION OF UNIFORM COMPONENTS FOR AFGHAN MILITARY OR AFGHAN NATIONAL POLICE (SEP 2013)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definitions.</i>  As used in this clause—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Textile component” means any item consisting of fibers, yarns, or fabric, supplied for incorporation into a uniform or a component of a uniform.  It does not include items that do not contain fibers, yarns, or fabric, such as the metallic or plastic elements of buttons, zippers, or other clothing fasteners.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“United States” means the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and outlying areas.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  As required by section 826 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Pub. L. 112-239), the Contractor shall deliver under this contract only textile components that have been produced in the United States.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  There are no exceptions or waivers to this requirement.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
