<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-252.247-7002"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.247-7002</ph> Revision of Prices.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="i1380736"
                     href="247.270-4.dita#DFARS-247.270-4">247.270-4</xref>
            </ph>(b), use the following clause:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">REVISION OF PRICES (DEC 1991)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definition.</i>  “Wage adjustment,” as used in this clause, means a change in the wages, salaries, or other terms or conditions of employment which—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Substantially affects the cost of performing this contract;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Is generally applicable to the port where work under this contract is performed; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  Applies to operations by the Contractor on non-Government work as well as to work under this contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">General.</i>  The prices fixed in this contract are based on wages and working conditions established by collective bargaining agreements, and on other conditions in effect on the date of this contract.  The Contracting Officer and the Contractor may agree to increase or decrease such prices in accordance with this clause.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Demand for negotiation.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  At any time, subject to the limitations specified in this clause, either the Contracting Officer or the Contractor may deliver to the other a written demand that the parties negotiate to revise the prices under this contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  No such demand shall be made before 90 days after the date of this contract, and thereafter neither party shall make a demand having an effective date within 90 days of the effective date of any prior demand.  However, this limitation does not apply to a wage adjustment during the 90 day period.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  Each demand shall specify a date (the same as or subsequent to the date of the delivery of the demand) as to when the revised prices shall be effective.  This date is the effective date of the price revision.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  If the Contractor makes a demand under this clause, the demand shall briefly state the basis of the demand and include the statements and data referred to in paragraph (d) of this clause.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  If the demand is made by the Contracting Officer, the Contractor shall furnish the statements and data within 30 days of the delivery of the demand.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Submission of data.</i>  At the times specified in paragraphs (c)(3)(i) and (ii) of this clause, the Contractor shall submit—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  A new estimate and breakdown of the unit cost and the proposed prices for the services the Contractor will perform under this contract after the effective date of the price revision, itemized to be consistent with the original negotiations of the contract;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  An explanation of the difference between the original (or last preceding) estimate and the new estimate;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  Such relevant operating data, cost records, overhead absorption reports, and accounting statements as may be of assistance in determining the accuracy and reliability of the new estimate;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4)  A statement of the actual costs of performance under this contract to the extent that they are available at the time of the negotiation of the revision of prices under this clause; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5)  Any other relevant data usually furnished in the case of negotiations of prices under a new contract.  The Government may examine and audit the Contractor's accounts, records, and books as the Contracting Officer considers necessary.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Negotiations.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Upon the filing of the statements and data required by paragraph (d) of this clause, the Contractor and the Contracting Officer shall negotiate promptly in good faith to agree upon prices for services the Contractor will perform on and after the effective date of the price revision.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  If the prices in this contract were established by competitive negotiation, they shall not be revised upward unless justified by changes in conditions occurring after the contract was awarded.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  The agreement reached after each negotiation will be incorporated into the contract by supplemental agreement.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(f)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Disagreements.</i>  If, within 30 days after the date on which statements and data are required pursuant to paragraph (c) of this clause, the Contracting Officer and the Contractor fail to agree to revised prices, the failure to agree shall be resolved in accordance with the Disputes clause of this contract.  The prices fixed by the Contracting Officer will remain in effect for the balance of the contract, and the Contractor shall continue performance.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(g)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Retroactive changes in wages or working conditions.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  In the event of a retroactive wage adjustment, the Contractor or the Contracting Officer may request an equitable adjustment in the prices in this contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  The Contractor shall request a price adjustment within 30 days of any retroactive wage adjustment.  The Contractor shall support its request with—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  An estimate of the changes in cost resulting from the retroactive wage adjustment;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  Complete information upon which the estimate is based; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii)  A certified copy of the collective bargaining agreement, arbitration award, or other document evidencing the retroactive wage adjustment.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  Subject to the limitation in paragraph (g)(2) of this clause as to the time of making a request, completion or termination of this contract shall not affect the Contractor's right under paragraph (g) of this clause.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4)  In case of disagreement concerning any question of fact, including whether any adjustment should be made, or the amount of such adjustment, the disagreement will be resolved in accordance with the Disputes clause of this contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5)  The Contractor shall notify the Contracting Officer in writing of any request by or on behalf of the employees of the Contractor which may result in a retroactive wage adjustment.  The notice shall be given within 20 days after the request, or if the request occurs before contract execution, at the time of execution.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
