<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.247-7016" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.247-7016</ph> Contractor Liability for Loss or Damage.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref " base="i1380757" href="247.271-3.dita#DFARS_247.271-3">247.271-3</xref>
            (d), use the following clause:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">CONTRACTOR LIABILITY FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE (DEC 1991)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definitions.</i>  As used in this clause—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Article” means any shipping piece or package and its contents. </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Schedule” means the level of service for which specific types of traffic apply as described in DoD 4500.34-R, Personal Property Traffic Management Regulation.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  For shipments picked up under Schedule I, Outbound Services, or delivered under Schedule II, Inbound Services—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  If notified within one year after delivery that the owner has discovered loss or damage to the owner's property, the Contractor agrees to indemnify the Government for loss or damage to the property which arises from any cause while it is in the Contractor's possession.  The Contractor's liability is—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Non-negligent damage.</i>  For any cause, other than the Contractor's negligence, indemnification shall be at a rate not to exceed sixty cents per pound per article.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Negligent damage.</i>  When loss or damage is caused by the negligence of the Contractor, the liability is for the full cost of satisfactory repair or for the current replacement value of the article.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  The Contractor shall make prompt payment to the owner of the property for any loss or damage for which the Contractor is liable.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  In the absence of evidence or supporting documentation which places liability on a carrier or another contractor, the destination contractor shall be presumed to be liable for the loss or damage, if timely notified.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  For shipments picked up or delivered under Schedule III, Intra-City and Intra-Area—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  If notified of loss or damage within 75 days following delivery, the Contractor agrees to indemnify the Government for loss or damage to the owner's property.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  The Contractor's liability shall be for the full cost of satisfactory repair, or for the current replacement value of the article less depreciation, up to a maximum liability of $1.25 per pound times the net weight of the shipment.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  The Contractor has full salvage rights to damaged items which are not repairable and for which the Government has received compensation at replacement value.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
