<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.229-7003"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.229-7003</ph> Tax Exemptions (Italy).</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in 
               <xref href="229.402-70.dita#DFARS_229.402-70"
                  base="i1379979"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">229.402-70</xref>
            (c)(1), use the following clause:</p>
         <p outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps" class="- topic/p ">TAX EXEMPTIONS (ITALY) (MAR 2012)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) As the Contractor represented in its offer, the contract price, including the prices in subcontracts awarded under this contract, does not include taxes from which the United States Government is exempt.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) The United States Government is exempt from payment of Imposta Valore Aggiunto (IVA) tax in accordance with Article 72 of the IVA implementing decree on all supplies and services sold to United States Military Commands in Italy.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) The Contractor shall include the following information on invoices submitted to the United States Government:</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) The contract number.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) The IVA tax exemption claimed pursuant to Article 72 of Decree Law 633, dated October 26, 1972.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) The following fiscal code(s): <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">[Contracting Officer must insert the applicable fiscal code(s) for military activities within Italy: 80028250241 for Army, 80156020630 for Navy, or 91000190933 for Air Force].</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)(i) Upon receipt of the invoice, the paying office will include the following certification on one copy of the invoice:</p>
         <table frame="all" colsep="0" rowsep="0" class="- topic/table ">
            <tgroup cols="1"
                    colsep="0"
                    rowsep="0"
                    outputclass="Table"
                    class="- topic/tgroup ">
               <colspec colnum="1"
                        colname="1"
                        colwidth="100*"
                        colsep="0"
                        class="- topic/colspec "
                        rowheader="headers"/>
               <tbody class="- topic/tbody ">
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry colname="1" class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">“I certify that this invoice is true and correct and reflects expenditures made in Italy for the Common Defense by the United States Government pursuant to international agreements. The amount to be paid does not include the IVA tax, because this transaction is not subject to the tax in accordance with Article 72 of Decree Law 633, dated October 26, 1972.”</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
               </tbody>
            </tgroup>
         </table>
         <p class="- topic/p ">An authorized United States Government official will sign the copy of the invoice containing this certification.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) The paying office will return the certified copy together with payment to the Contractor. The payment will not include the amount of the IVA tax.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) The Contractor shall retain the certified copy to substantiate non-payment of the IVA tax.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) The Contractor may address questions regarding the IVA tax to the Ministry of Finance, IVA Office, Rome (06) 520741.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) In addition to the IVA tax, purchases by the United States Forces in Italy are exempt from the following taxes:</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Imposta di Fabbricazione (Production Tax for Petroleum Products).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Imposta di Consumo (Consumption Tax for Electrical Power).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) Dazi Doganali (Customs Duties).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) Tassa di Sbarco e d’Imbarco sulle Merci Transportate per Via Aerea e per Via Maritima (Port Fees).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5) Tassa de Circolazione sui Veicoli (Vehicle Circulation Tax).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6) Imposta di Registro (Registration Tax).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(7) Imposta di Bollo (Stamp Tax).</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
