<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS-252.237-7016"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.237-7016</ph> Delivery Tickets.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">Basic. As prescribed in 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  href="237.7101.dita#DFARS-237.7101"
                  base="DFARS-237.7101"
                  class="- topic/xref ">237.7101</xref>
            (e) and (e)(1), use the following clause:</p>
         <p outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps" class="- topic/p ">DELIVERY TICKETS—BASIC (NOV 2014)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) The Contractor shall complete delivery tickets in the number of copies required and in the form approved by the Contracting Officer, when it receives the articles to be serviced.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) The Contractor shall include one copy of each delivery ticket with its invoice for payment.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
         <section outputclass="Alternate" class="- topic/section ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Alternate I. As prescribed in 
                  <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     href="237.7101.dita#DFARS-237.7101"
                     base="DFARS-237.7101"
                     class="- topic/xref ">237.7101</xref>
               (e) and (e)(2), use the following clause, which includes paragraphs (c), (d), and (e) not included in the basic clause:</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">DELIVERY TICKETS—ALTERNATE I (NOV 2014)</p>
            <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) The Contractor shall complete delivery tickets in the number of copies required and in the form approved by the Contracting Officer, when it receives the articles to be serviced.</p>
            <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) The Contractor shall include one copy of each delivery ticket with its invoice for payment.</p>
            <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) Before the Contractor picks up articles for service under this contract, the Contracting Officer will ensure that—</p>
            <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Each bag contains only articles within a single bag type as specified in the schedule; and</p>
            <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Each bag is weighed and the weight and bag type are identified on the bag.</p>
            <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d) The Contractor shall, at time of pickup—</p>
            <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Verify the weight and bag type and record them on the delivery ticket; and</p>
            <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Provide the Contracting Officer, or representative, a copy of the delivery ticket.</p>
            <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e) At the time of delivery, the Contractor shall record the weight and bag type of serviced laundry on the delivery ticket. The Contracting Officer will ensure that this weight and bag type are verified at time of delivery.</p>
            <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Alternate</i> 
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">II</i>. As prescribed in 
                  <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     href="237.7101.dita#DFARS-237.7101"
                     base="DFARS-237.7101"
                     class="- topic/xref ">237.7101</xref>
               (e) and (e)(3), use the following clause, which includes paragraphs (c), (d), and (e) not included in the basic clause:</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">DELIVERY TICKETS—ALTERNATE II (NOV 2014)</p>
            <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) The Contractor shall complete delivery tickets in the number of copies required and in the form approved by the Contracting Officer, when it receives the articles to be serviced.</p>
            <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) The Contractor shall include one copy of each delivery ticket with its invoice for payment.</p>
            <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) Before the Contractor picks up articles for service under this contract, the Contracting Officer will ensure that each bag is weighed and that the weight is identified on the bag.</p>
            <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d) The Contractor, at time of pickup, shall verify and record the weight on the delivery ticket and shall provide the Contracting Officer, or representative, a copy of the delivery ticket.</p>
            <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e) At the time of delivery, the Contractor shall record the weight of serviced laundry on the delivery ticket. The Contracting Officer will ensure that this weight is verified at time of delivery.</p>
            <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
         </section>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
