<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.225-7016"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title "> 
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.225-7016</ph> Restriction on <ph rev="Revised January 31, 2023">A</ph>cquisition of <ph rev="Revised January 31, 2023">B</ph>all and <ph rev="Revised January 31, 2023">R</ph>oller <ph rev="Revised January 31, 2023">B</ph>earings.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="i1379256"
                  href="225.7009-5.dita#DFARS_225.7009-5">225.7009-5</xref>
            , use the following clause:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps"
            rev="Revised January 31, 2023">RESTRICTION ON ACQUISITION OF BALL AND ROLLER BEARINGS (JAN 2023)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definitions.  </i>As used in this clause—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  “Bearing components” means the bearing element, retainer, inner race, or outer race.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  “Component,” other than a bearing component, means any item supplied to the Government as part of an end product or of another component.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  “End product” means supplies delivered under a line item of this contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this clause—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Each ball and roller bearing delivered under this contract shall be manufactured in the United States, its outlying areas, or Canada; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  For each ball or roller bearing, the cost of the bearing components manufactured in the United States, its outlying areas, or Canada shall exceed 50 percent of the total cost of the bearing components of that ball or roller bearing.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  The restriction in paragraph (b) of this clause does not apply to ball or roller bearings that are acquired as—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Commercial components of a<ph rev="Revised January 31, 2023">n</ph>
            <ph rev="Revised January 31, 2023"> other than commercial</ph>; or </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Commercial or <ph rev="Revised January 31, 2023">other than commercial</ph> components of a<ph rev="Revised January 31, 2023">n</ph> commercial component of a <ph rev="Revised January 31, 2023">other than commercial</ph> end product.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)  The restriction in paragraph (b) of this clause may be waived upon request from the Contractor in accordance with subsection 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="i1379251"
                  href="225.7009-4.dita#DFARS_225.7009-4">225.7009-4</xref>
             of the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement.  </p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e)   If this contract includes DFARS clause 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="i1382020"
                  href="252.225-7009.dita#DFARS_252.225-7009">252.225-7009</xref>
            , Restriction on Acquisition of Certain Articles Containing Specialty Metals, all bearings that contain specialty metals, as defined in that clause, must meet the requirements of that clause. </p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(f) <ph rev="Revised January 31, 2023">
               <i>Subcontracts.</i>
            </ph> The Contractor shall insert the substance of this clause, including this paragraph (f), in all subcontracts, except those for—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Commercial <ph rev="Revised January 31, 2023">products</ph>; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Items that do not contain ball or roller bearings.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
