<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-252.237-7013"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.237-7013</ph> Instruction to Offerors (Bulk Weight).</title>
      <conbody outputclass="provision" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="DFARS-237.7101"
                     href="237.7101.dita#DFARS-237.7101">237.7101</xref>
            </ph>(b), use the following provision:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">INSTRUCTION TO OFFERORS (BULK WEIGHT) (DEC 1991)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  Offers shall be submitted on a unit price per pound of serviced laundry.  Unit prices shall include all costs to the Government of providing the service, including pickup and delivery charges.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  The Contracting Officer will evaluate bids based on the estimated pounds of serviced laundry stated in the solicitation.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  Award generally will be made to a single offeror for all lots.  However, the Contracting Officer may award by individual lot when it is more advantageous to the Government.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)  Prospective offerors may inspect the types of articles to be serviced.  Contact the Contracting Officer to make inspection arrangements.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofprovision" class="- topic/p ">(End of provision)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
