<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-252.216-7006"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.216-7006</ph> Ordering.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="DFARS-216.506"
                     href="216.506.dita#DFARS-216.506">216.506</xref>
            </ph>(a), use the following clause:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">ORDERING (SEP 2019)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  Any supplies and services to be furnished under this contract shall be ordered by issuance of delivery orders or task orders by the individuals or activities designated in the contract schedule.  Such orders may be issued from __________ through ____________ <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">[insert dates].</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  All delivery orders or task orders are subject to the terms and conditions of this contract.  In the event of conflict between a delivery order or task order and this contract, the contract shall control.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)(1)  If issued electronically, the order is considered “issued” when a copy has been posted to the Electronic Data Access system, and notice has been sent to the Contractor.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  If mailed or transmitted by facsimile, a delivery order or task order is considered “issued” when the Government deposits the order in the mail or transmits by facsimile.  Mailing includes transmittal by U.S. mail or private delivery services.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  Orders may be issued orally only if authorized in the schedule.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of Clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
