<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-252.245_7000"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.245–7000</ph>  Government-Furnished Mapping, Charting, and Geodesy Property.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="DFARS-245.107"
                     href="245.107.dita#DFARS-245.107">245.107</xref>
            </ph>(1), use the following clause:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">GOVERNMENT-FURNISHED MAPPING, CHARTING, AND GEODESY PROPERTY (APR 2012)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definition</i>.  “Mapping, charting, and geodesy (MC&amp;G) property” means geodetic, geomagnetic, gravimetric, aeronautical, topographic, hydrographic, cultural, and toponymic data presented in the form of topographic, planimetric, relief, or thematic maps and graphics; nautical and aeronautical charts and publications; and in simulated, photographic, digital, or computerized formats.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  The Contractor shall not duplicate, copy, or otherwise reproduce MC&amp;G property for purposes other than those necessary for performance of the contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  At the completion of performance of the contract, the Contractor, as directed by the Contracting Officer, shall either destroy or return to the Government all Government-furnished MC&amp;G property not consumed in the performance of this contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">252.245–7001  Tagging, Labeling, and Marking of Government-Furnished Property.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="DFARS-245.107"
                     href="245.107.dita#DFARS-245.107">245.107</xref>
            </ph>(2), use the following clause:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">TAGGING, LABELING, AND MARKING OF GOVERNMENT-FURNISHED PROPERTY (APR 2012)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definitions.</i>  As used in this clause—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Government-furnished property” is defined in the clause at <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 52.245-1</ph>, Government Property. </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Serially-managed item” means an item designated by DoD to be uniquely tracked, controlled, or managed in maintenance, repair, and/or supply systems by means of its serial number.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p "/>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  The Contractor shall tag, label, or mark Government-furnished property items identified in the contract as subject to serialized item management (serially-managed items).</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  The Contractor is not required to tag, label, or mark Government-furnished property previously tagged, labeled, or marked.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
