<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept id="DFARS_252.209-7011" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.209-7011</ph> Representation for Restriction on the Use of Certain Institutions of Higher Education.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  href="209.170-4.dita#DFARS_209.170-4"
                  class="- topic/xref ">209.170-4</xref>, use the following provision:</p>
         <p outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps"
            class="- topic/p "
            rev="Revised October 1, 2025">REPRESENTATION FOR RESTRICTION ON THE USE OF CERTAIN INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION (AUG 2025)</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1"> (a) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definitions</i>. As used in this provision—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            rev="Revised October 1, 2025"
            outputclass="List2"> "Confucius Institute" means—  </p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised October 1, 2025"> (1) Any program that receives funding or support from—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised October 1, 2025"> (i) The Chinese International Education Foundation; or</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List3"
            rev="Revised October 1, 2025"> (ii) The Center for Language Exchange Cooperation of the Ministry of Education of the People’s Republic of China; or</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="List2"
            rev="Revised October 1, 2025">(2) Any cultural institute directly or indirectly funded by the government of the People’s Republic of China.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "> "Institution of higher education" has the meaning given in 20 U.S.C. 1002.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1"> (b) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Restriction.</i> As required by section 1062 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Pub. L. 116-283), DoD may not award a contract with any institution of higher education that hosts a Confucius Institute. Section 1062 prohibits DoD from providing funding to any U.S. institution of higher education hosting a Confucius Institute unless that institution receives a waiver from the Department of Defense Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering <ph id="_Hlk144893762" class="- topic/ph ">(OUSD(R&amp;E))</ph>. The waiver authority terminates on October 1, 2026. Any waiver issued will not apply on or after that date. See the OUSD(R&amp;E) Confucius Institute Waiver Program Guidance to U.S. Institutions of Higher Education at <xref href="https://rt.cto.mil/wp-content/uploads/Confucius-Institute-Waiver-Program-Guidance-28Mar2023.pdf"
                  format="pdf"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref "/>.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1"> (c) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Representation</i>. By submission of an offer, the Offeror represents that—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> (1) It is not an institution of higher education that hosts a Confucius Institute;or</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> (2) The Offeror has obtained a waiver approved by OUSD(R&amp;E).</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofprovision" class="- topic/p ">(End of provision)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
