<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.237-7025"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            rev="Revised October 28, 2022">
      <title class="- topic/title "> 
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.237-7025</ph> Preaward Transparency Requirements for Firms Offering to Support Department of Defense Audits—Representation and Disclosure.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="provision" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p>As prescribed in <xref href="237.270.dita#DFARS_237.270" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">237.270</xref>(e)(3), use the following provision:</p>
         <p outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps"> PREAWARD TRANSPARENCY REQUIREMENTS FOR FIRMS OFFERING TO SUPPORT DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AUDITS—REPRESENTATION AND DISCLOSURE (OCT 2022)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1"> (a) <i>Representation. </i>The Offeror represents that within the 3-year period preceding this offer, the Offeror and/or any of its principals or employees have [ ] have not [ ] been the subject of disciplinary proceedings before an entity with the authority to enforce compliance with rules or laws applying to audit services or audit remediation services offered by the Offeror, that—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2"> (1) Are not yet fully adjudicated or settled; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List2"> (2) Were fully adjudicated or settled against the Offeror and/or its principals or employees.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1"> (b) <i>Disclosure. </i>If the Offeror checked “have” in the representation in paragraph (a) of this provision, the Offeror shall, at a minimum, disclose for each such proceeding—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2"> (1) The entity hearing the case;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2"> (2) The case or file number; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2"> (3) The allegation or conduct at issue and, if fully adjudicated or settled, a brief description of the outcome.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1"> (c) <i>Treatment of statements.</i> The Government will safeguard and treat as confidential all statements provided pursuant to this provision where the statement has been marked “confidential” or “proprietary” by the Offeror. Statements so marked will not be released by the Government to the public pursuant to a request under the Freedom of Information Act, 5 U.S.C. 552, without prior notification to the Offeror and opportunity for the Offeror to claim an exemption from release. The Government will treat any statement provided pursuant to this provision as confidential to the extent required by any other applicable law.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofprovision" class="- topic/p ">(End of provision)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
