<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.213-7000"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.213-7000</ph> Notice to Prospective Suppliers on Use of Supplier Performance Risk System in Past Performance Evaluations.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="provision" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="i1377981"
                  href="213.106-2.dita#DFARS_213.106-2">213.106-2</xref>
            -70, use the following provision:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">NOTICE TO PROSPECTIVE SUPPLIERS ON USE OF SUPPLIER PERFORMANCE RISK SYSTEM IN PAST PERFORMANCE EVALUATIONS (SEP 2019)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  The Supplier Performance Risk System (SPSR) application </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">(https://www.sprs.csd.disa.mil) will be used in the evaluation of suppliers’ past performance in accordance with DFARS 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="i1377981"
                  href="213.106-2.dita#DFARS_213.106-2">213.106-2</xref>
            (b)(i).</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  SPRS collects quality and delivery data on previously awarded contracts and orders from existing Department of Defense reporting systems to classify each supplier’s performance history by Federal supply class (FSC) and product or service code (PSC).  The SPRS application provides the contracting officer quantifiable past performance information regarding a supplier's quality and delivery performance for the FSC and PSC of the supplies being purchased.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  The quality and delivery classifications identified for a supplier in SPRS will be used by the contracting officer to evaluate a supplier’s past performance in conjunction with the supplier’s references (if requested) and other provisions of this solicitation under the past performance evaluation factor.  The Government reserves the right to award to the supplier whose quotation or offer represents the best value to the Government.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)  SPRS classifications are generated monthly for each contractor and can be reviewed by following the access instructions in the SPRS User’s Manual found at 1ttps://www.sprs.csd.disa.mil/reference.htm.  Contractors are granted access to SPRS for their own classifications only.  Suppliers are encouraged to review their own classifications, the SPRS reporting procedures and classification methodology detailed in the SPRS User's Manual, and SPRS Evaluation Criteria available from the references at https://www.sprs.csd.disa.mil/pdf/SPRS_DataEvaluationCriteria.pdf.  The method to challenge a rating generated by SPRS is provided in the User’s Manual.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofprovision" class="- topic/p ">(End of provision)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
