<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.205-7000" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
      <title>
         <ph props="autonumber">252.205-7000</ph> Provision of Information to Cooperative Agreement Holders.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause">
         <p>As prescribed in 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" base="DFARS-205.470" href="205.470.dita#DFARS_205.470">205.470</xref>
            , use the following clause:</p>
         <p outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">PROVISION OF INFORMATION TO COOPERATIVE AGREEMENT HOLDERS (DEC 1991)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(a)  <i>Definition.</i>  “Cooperative agreement holder” means a State or local government; a private, nonprofit organization; a tribal organization (as defined in section 4(c) of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (Pub. L. 93-268; 25 U.S.C. 450(c))); or an economic enterprise (as defined in section 3(e) of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 (Pub. L. 93-362; 25 U.S.C. 1452(e))) whether such economic enterprise is organized for profit or nonprofit purposes; which has an agreement with the Defense Logistics Agency to furnish procurement technical assistance to business entities.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(b)  The Contractor shall provide cooperative agreement holders, upon their request, with a list of those appropriate employees or offices responsible for entering into subcontracts under defense contracts.  The list shall include the business address, telephone number, and area of responsibility of each employee or office.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(c)  The Contractor need not provide the listing to a particular cooperative agreement holder more frequently than once a year.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
