<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.204-7014" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.204-7014</ph> Limitations on the Use or Disclosure of Information by Litigation Support Contractors.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref " base="DFARS-204.7403" href="204.7403.dita#DFARS_204.7403">204.7403</xref> (a), use the following clause:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">LIMITATIONS ON THE USE OR DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION BY  LITIGATION SUPPORT CONTRACTORS (MAY 2016)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definitions</i>.  As used in this clause—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Computer software” means computer programs, source code, source code listings, object code listings, design details, algorithms, processes, flow charts, formulae, and related material that would enable the software to be reproduced, recreated, or recompiled.  Computer software does not include computer data bases or computer software documentation.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Litigation information” means any information, including sensitive information, that is furnished to the contractor by or on behalf of the Government, or that is generated or obtained by the contractor in the performance of litigation support work under a contract.  The term does not include information that is lawfully, publicly available without restriction, including information contained in a publicly available solicitation.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Litigation support” means administrative, technical, or professional services provided in support of the Government during or in anticipation of litigation.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">"Litigation support contractor" means a contractor (including its experts, technical consultants, subcontractors, and suppliers) providing litigation support under a contract that contains this clause.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Sensitive information” means controlled unclassified information of a commercial, financial, proprietary, or privileged nature.  The term includes technical data and computer software, but does not include information that is lawfully, publicly available without restriction.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Technical data” means recorded information, regardless of the form or method of the recording, of a scientific or technical nature (including computer software documentation).  The term does not include computer software or data incidental to contract administration, such as financial and/or management information.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Limitations on use or disclosure of litigation information.</i>  Notwithstanding any other provision of this contract, the Contractor shall—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Access and use litigation information only for the purpose of providing litigation support under this contract;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Not disclose litigation information to any entity outside the Contractor’s organization unless, prior to such disclosure the Contracting Officer has provided written consent to such disclosure;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  Take all precautions necessary to prevent unauthorized disclosure of litigation information;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4)  Not use litigation information to compete against a third party for Government or nongovernment contracts; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5)  Upon completion of the authorized litigation support activities, destroy or return to the Government at the request of the Contracting Officer all litigation information in its possession.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  Violation of paragraph (b)(1), (b)(2), (b)(3), (b)(4), or (b)(5) of this clause, is a basis for the Government to terminate this contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Indemnification and creation of third party beneficiary rights.</i>  The Contractor agrees—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  To indemnify and hold harmless the Government, its agents, and employees from any claim or liability, including attorneys’ fees, court costs, and expenses, arising out of, or in any way related to, the misuse or unauthorized modification, reproduction, release, performance, display, or disclosure of any litigation information; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  That any third party holding proprietary rights or any other legally protectable interest in any litigation information, in addition to any other rights it may have, is a third party beneficiary under this contract who shall have a right of direct action against the Contractor, and against any person to whom the Contractor has released or disclosed such litigation information, for any such unauthorized use or disclosure of such information.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Contractor</i>
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">employees. </i> The Contractor shall ensure that its employees are subject to use and nondisclosure obligations consistent with this clause prior to the employees being provided access to or use of any litigation information covered by this clause.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(f)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Flowdown.</i>  Include the substance of this clause, including this paragraph (f), in all subcontracts, including subcontracts for commercial items.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
