<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.228-7006" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
      <title>
         <ph props="autonumber">252.228-7006</ph> Compliance with Spanish Laws and Insurance.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause">
         <p>As prescribed in 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" base="DFARS-228.370" href="228.370.dita#DFARS_228.370">228.370</xref>
            (e), use the following clause:</p>
         <p outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">COMPLIANCE WITH SPANISH LAWS AND INSURANCE (DEC 1998)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(a)  The requirements of this clause apply only if the Contractor is not a Spanish concern.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(b)  The Contractor shall, without additional expense to the United States Government, comply with all applicable Spanish Government laws pertaining to sanitation, traffic, security, employment of labor, and all other laws relevant to the performance of this contract.  The Contractor shall hold the United States Government harmless and free from any liability resulting from the Contractor’s failure to comply with such laws.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(c)  The Contractor shall, at its own expense, provide and maintain during the entire performance of this contract, all workmen’s compensation, employees’ liability, bodily injury insurance, and other required insurance adequate to cover the risk assumed by the Contractor.  The Contractor shall indemnify and hold harmless the United States Government from liability resulting from all claims for damages as a result of death or injury to personnel or damage to real or personal property related to the performance of this contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(d)  The Contractor agrees to represent in writing to the Contracting Officer, prior to commencement of work and not later than 15 days after the date of the Notice to Proceed, that the Contractor has obtained the required types of insurance in the following minimum amounts.  The representation also shall state that the Contractor will promptly notify the Contracting Officer of any notice of cancellation of insurance or material change in insurance coverage that could affect the United States Government’s interests.</p>
         <p></p>
         <table frame="all" colsep="1" rowsep="0">
            <tgroup cols="4" colsep="1" rowsep="0" outputclass="Table">
               <colspec colnum="1" colname="1" colwidth="39*" rowheader="headers" />
               <colspec colnum="2" colname="2" colwidth="21*" rowheader="headers" />
               <colspec colnum="3" colname="3" colwidth="22*" rowheader="headers" />
               <colspec colnum="4" colname="4" colwidth="18*" rowheader="headers" />
               <tbody>
                  <row rowsep="1">
                     <entry>
                        <p>Type of Insurance</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p>Coverage per Person</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p>Coverage per Accident</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p>Property Damage</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0">
                     <entry>
                        <p>Comprehensive General Liability</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p>$300,000</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p>$1,000,000</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p>$100,000</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
               </tbody>
            </tgroup>
         </table>
         <p outputclass="List1"></p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(e)  The Contractor shall provide the Contracting Officer with a similar representation for all subcontracts with non-Spanish concerns that will perform work in Spain under this contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(f)  Insurance policies required herein shall be purchased from Spanish insurance companies or other insurance companies legally authorized to conduct business in Spain.  Such policies shall conform to Spanish laws and regulations and shall—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1)  Contain provisions requiring submission to Spanish law and jurisdiction of any problem that may arise with regard to the interpretation or application of the clauses and conditions of the insurance policy;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2)  Contain a provision authorizing the insurance company, as subrogee of the insured entity, to assume and attend to directly, with respect to any person damaged, the legal consequences arising from the occurrence of such damages;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(3)  Contain a provision worded as follows:  “The insurance company waives any right of subrogation against the United States of America that may arise by reason of any payment under this policy.”;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(4)  Not contain any deductible amount or similar limitation; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(5)  Not contain any provisions requiring submission to any type of arbitration.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
