<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.225-7054"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.225-7054</ph> Prohibition on Use of Certain Energy Sourced from Inside the Russian Federation.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <xref href="225.7019-4.dita"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  xtrc="">225.7019-4</xref>(b), use the
following clause:</p>
         <p outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps" class="- topic/p ">PROHIBITION ON USE OF CERTAIN ENERGY
SOURCED FROM INSIDE THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION (JAN 2023)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definitions</i>. As used in this
clause—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Covered military installation</i> means a military installation
in Europe identified by DoD as a main operating base.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Furnished energy</i> means energy furnished to a covered military
installation in any form and for any purpose, including heating,
cooling, and electricity.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Main operating base</i> means a facility outside the United
States and its territories with permanently stationed operating
forces and robust infrastructure.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Prohibition</i>. In accordance with
section 2821 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal
Year 2020 (<xref href="https://www.govinfo.gov/link/plaw/116/public/92?link-type=html"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">Pub. L. 116-92</xref>), the
Contractor shall not use in the performance of this contract any
energy sourced from inside the Russian Federation as a means of
generating the furnished energy for the covered military installation
unless a waiver is approved. The prohibition—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Applies to all forms of energy that
are furnished to a covered military installation; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Does not apply to energy converted
by a third party into another form of energy and not directly delivered
to a covered military installation.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Subcontracts</i>. The Contractor shall insert the substance of this clause, including this paragraph (c), in subcontracts and other commercial instruments that are for furnished energy at a covered military installation, including subcontracts and commercial instruments for commercial products.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(END OF CLAUSE)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
