<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.211-7003"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title "> 
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.211-7003</ph> 
         <ph rev="Revised January 31, 2023">I</ph>tem <ph rev="Revised January 31, 2023">U</ph>nique <ph rev="Revised January 31, 2023">I</ph>dentification and <ph rev="Revised January 31, 2023">V</ph>aluation.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p id="TaTEIv" class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <xref href="211.274-6.dita#DFARS_211.274-6"
                  base="i1377938"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">211.274-6</xref> (a)(1), use
the following clause:</p>
         <p id="FQsddN"
            outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps"
            class="- topic/p "
            rev="Revised January 31, 2023">ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION
(JAN 2023)</p>
         <p id="IkCzOm" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definitions</i>. As
used in this clause—</p>
         <p id="Nnclmi" class="- topic/p ">“Automatic identification device” means a device,
such as a reader or interrogator, used to retrieve data encoded
on machine-readable media.</p>
         <p id="nYPnCr" class="- topic/p ">“Concatenated unique item identifier” means—</p>
         <p id="AXHcaO" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(1) For items that are serialized
within the enterprise identifier, the linking together of the unique
identifier data elements in order of the issuing agency code, enterprise
identifier, and unique serial number within the enterprise identifier;
or</p>
         <p id="dPQqCB" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(2) For items that are serialized
within the original part, lot, or batch number, the linking together
of the unique identifier data elements in order of the issuing agency
code; enterprise identifier; original part, lot, or batch number;
and serial number within the original part, lot, or batch number.</p>
         <p id="QPCSox" class="- topic/p ">“Data matrix” means a two-dimensional matrix symbology,
which is made up of square or, in some cases, round modules arranged
within a perimeter finder pattern and uses the Error Checking and
Correction 200 (ECC200) specification found within International
Standards Organization (ISO)/International Electrotechnical Commission
(IEC) 16022.</p>
         <p id="rIHAtI" class="- topic/p ">“Data qualifier” means a specified character (or
string of characters) that immediately precedes a data field that
defines the general category or intended use of the data that follows.</p>
         <p id="mrDZdx" class="- topic/p ">“DoD recognized unique identification equivalent”
means a unique identification method that is in commercial use and
has been recognized by DoD. All DoD recognized unique identification
equivalents are listed at 
               <xref href="https://www.acq.osd.mil/asda/dpc/ce/ds/unique-id.html"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">https://www.acq.osd.mil/asda/dpc/ce/ds/unique-id.html</xref>
            .</p>
         <p id="RxJFAI" class="- topic/p ">“DoD item unique identification” means a system
of marking items delivered to DoD with unique item identifiers that
have machine-readable data elements to distinguish an item from
all other like and unlike items. For items that are serialized within the
enterprise identifier, the unique item identifier shall include
the data elements of the enterprise identifier and a unique serial number.
For items that are serialized within the part, lot, or batch number
within the enterprise identifier, the unique item identifier shall
include the data elements of the enterprise identifier; the original
part, lot, or batch number; and the serial number.</p>
         <p id="ODRPHl" class="- topic/p ">“Enterprise” means the entity (e.g., a manufacturer
or vendor) responsible for assigning unique item identifiers to
items.</p>
         <p id="yzwfAt" class="- topic/p ">“Enterprise identifier” means a code that is uniquely
assigned to an enterprise by an issuing agency.</p>
         <p id="SKvEVG" class="- topic/p ">“Government’s unit acquisition cost” means—</p>
         <p id="sSvWFP" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(1) For fixed-price type
line, subline, or exhibit line items, the unit price identified
in the contract at the time of delivery;</p>
         <p id="Cpjpsw" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(2) For cost-type or undefinitized
line, subline, or exhibit line items, the Contractor’s estimated
fully burdened unit cost to the Government at the time of delivery;
and</p>
         <p id="fnAvgQ" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(3) For items produced under
a time-and-materials contract, the Contractor’s estimated fully
burdened unit cost to the Government at the time of delivery.</p>
         <p id="bckNAc" class="- topic/p ">“Issuing agency” means an organization responsible
for assigning a globally unique identifier to an enterprise, as
indicated in the Register of Issuing Agency Codes for ISO/IEC 15459,
located at http://www.aimglobal.org/?Reg_Authority15459.</p>
         <p id="lWKCcd" class="- topic/p ">“Issuing agency code” means a code that designates
the registration (or controlling) authority for the enterprise identifier.</p>
         <p id="guELeg" class="- topic/p ">“Item” means a single hardware article or a single
unit formed by a grouping of subassemblies, components, or constituent parts.</p>
         <p id="imgHnM" class="- topic/p ">“Lot or batch number” means an identifying number
assigned by the enterprise to a designated group of items, usually
referred to as either a lot or a batch, all of which were manufactured
under identical conditions.</p>
         <p id="NEBafv" class="- topic/p ">“Machine-readable” means an automatic identification
technology media, such as bar codes, contact memory buttons, radio frequency
identification, or optical memory cards.</p>
         <p id="dOklQr" class="- topic/p ">“Original part number” means a combination of numbers
or letters assigned by the enterprise at item creation to a class
of items with the same form, fit, function, and interface.</p>
         <p id="lzmvQE" class="- topic/p ">“Parent item” means the item assembly, intermediate
component, or subassembly that has an embedded item with a unique item
identifier or DoD recognized unique identification equivalent.</p>
         <p id="mePaZK" class="- topic/p ">“Serial number within the enterprise identifier”
means a combination of numbers, letters, or symbols assigned by
the enterprise to an item that provides for the differentiation
of that item from any other like and unlike item and is never used
again within the enterprise.</p>
         <p id="XFkJvY" class="- topic/p ">“Serial number within the part, lot, or batch number”
means a combination of numbers or letters assigned by the enterprise to
an item that provides for the differentiation of that item from
any other like item within a part, lot, or batch number assignment.</p>
         <p id="OCEYaO" class="- topic/p ">“Serialization within the enterprise identifier”
means each item produced is assigned a serial number that is unique
among all the tangible items produced by the enterprise and is never
used again. The enterprise is responsible for ensuring unique serialization
within the enterprise identifier.</p>
         <p id="wCYHUt" class="- topic/p ">“Serialization within the part, lot, or batch number”
means each item of a particular part, lot, or batch number is assigned
a unique serial number within that part, lot, or batch number assignment.
The enterprise is responsible for ensuring unique serialization
within the part, lot, or batch number within the enterprise identifier.</p>
         <p id="zwGcRu" class="- topic/p ">“Type designation” means a combination of letters
and numerals assigned by the Government to a major end item, assembly or
subassembly, as appropriate, to provide a convenient means of differentiating
between items having the same basic name and to indicate modifications
and changes thereto.</p>
         <p id="TKRUep" class="- topic/p ">“Unique item identifier” means a set of data elements
marked on items that is globally unique and unambiguous. The term includes
a concatenated unique item identifier or a DoD recognized unique
identification equivalent.</p>
         <p id="QZIAiJ" class="- topic/p ">“Unique item identifier type” means a designator
to indicate which method of uniquely identifying a part has been
used. The current list of accepted unique item identifier types
is maintained at
               <xref href="https://www.acq.osd.mil/asda/dpc/ce/ds/unique-id.html"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref "> https://www.acq.osd.mil/asda/dpc/ce/ds/unique-id.html</xref>
            .</p>
         <p id="XrbpeT" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) The Contractor shall
deliver all items under a contract line, subline, or exhibit line
item.</p>
         <p id="IKaxJe" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Unique item identifier.</i>
         </p>
         <p id="Tjjwcz" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) The Contractor shall
provide a unique item identifier for the following:</p>
         <p id="zBHdGm" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Delivered items for which
the Government’s unit acquisition cost is $5,000 or more, except
for the following line items:</p>
         <p id="JroqnH" class="- topic/p ">Contract Line, Subline, or</p>
         <p id="UdFzQR" class="- topic/p ">Exhibit Line Item Number Item Description</p>
         <p id="OKeTOm" class="- topic/p ">___________________________________________________________________</p>
         <p id="EaITzu" class="- topic/p ">___________________________________________________________________</p>
         <p id="mIFnEX" class="- topic/p ">___________________________________________________________________</p>
         <p id="iZFBXn" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Items for which the
Government’s unit acquisition cost is less than $5,000 that are
identified in the Schedule or the following table:</p>
         <p id="TZHbHJ" class="- topic/p ">Contract Line, Subline, or</p>
         <p id="itiWvc" class="- topic/p ">Exhibit Line Item Number Item Description</p>
         <p id="thLaKy" class="- topic/p ">___________________________________________________________________</p>
         <p id="EnyzKs" class="- topic/p ">___________________________________________________________________</p>
         <p id="RsLPJn" class="- topic/p ">___________________________________________________________________</p>
         <p id="QlNnbI" class="- topic/p ">(If items are identified in the Schedule, insert
“See Schedule” in this table.)</p>
         <p id="vvMAQi" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Subassemblies, components,
and parts embedded within delivered items, items with warranty requirements,
DoD serially managed reparables and DoD serially managed nonreparables
as specified in Attachment Number ____.</p>
         <p id="TTbfCz" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) Any item of special
tooling or special test equipment as defined in FAR 2.101 that have
been designated for preservation and storage for a Major Defense
Acquisition Program as specified in Attachment Number ____.</p>
         <p id="cdSJfS" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(v) Any item not included
in (i), (ii), (iii), or (iv) for which the contractor creates and
marks a unique item identifier for traceability.</p>
         <p id="zReWHX" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) The unique item identifier
assignment and its component data element combination shall not
be duplicated on any other item marked or registered in the DoD
Item Unique Identification Registry by the contractor.</p>
         <p id="mcXJkh" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) The unique item identifier
component data elements shall be marked on an item using two dimensional
data matrix symbology that complies with ISO/IEC International Standard
16022, Information technology – International symbology specification
– Data matrix; ECC200 data matrix specification.</p>
         <p id="UsXPHv" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Data syntax and semantics
of unique item identifiers.</i> The Contractor shall ensure that—</p>
         <p id="EboTVp" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) The data elements (except
issuing agency code) of the unique item identifier are encoded within
the data matrix symbol that is marked on the item using one of the
following three types of data qualifiers, as determined by the Contractor:</p>
         <p id="AOUWzU" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Application Identifiers
(AIs) (Format Indicator 05 of ISO/IEC International Standard 15434),
in accordance with ISO/IEC International Standard 15418, Information
Technology – EAN/UCC Application Identifiers and Fact Data Identifiers
and Maintenance and ANSI MH 10.8.2 Data Identifier and Application
Identifier Standard.</p>
         <p id="pMbrxC" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Data Identifiers (DIs)
(Format Indicator 06 of ISO/IEC International Standard 15434), in
accordance with ISO/IEC International Standard 15418, Information
Technology – EAN/UCC Application Identifiers and Fact Data Identifiers
and Maintenance and ANSI MH 10.8.2 Data Identifier and Application
Identifier Standard.</p>
         <p id="Kwsceb" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) Text Element Identifiers
(TEIs) (Format Indicator 12 of ISO/IEC International Standard 15434),
in accordance with the Air Transport Association Common Support
Data Dictionary; and</p>
         <p id="kcoMli" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) The encoded data elements
of the unique item identifier conform to the transfer structure,
syntax, and coding of messages and data formats specified for Format
Indicators 05, 06, and 12 in ISO/IEC International Standard 15434, Information
Technology – Transfer Syntax for High Capacity Automatic Data Capture
Media.</p>
         <p id="ZkUehV" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Unique item identifier</i>.</p>
         <p id="KeLatD" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) The Contractor shall—</p>
         <p id="HHaBSi" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Determine whether to—</p>
         <p id="NniBDy" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(1)</i> Serialize within
the enterprise identifier;</p>
         <p id="xqoLVf" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(2)</i> Serialize within
the part, lot, or batch number; or</p>
         <p id="odzoLe" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(3)</i> Use a DoD recognized
unique identification equivalent (e.g. Vehicle Identification Number);
and</p>
         <p id="wOUKTe" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Place the data elements
of the unique item identifier (enterprise identifier; serial number;
DoD recognized unique identification equivalent; and for serialization
within the part, lot, or batch number only: original part, lot,
or batch number) on items requiring marking by paragraph (c)(1)
of this clause, based on the criteria provided in MIL-STD-130, Identification
Marking of U.S. Military Property, latest version;</p>
         <p id="LeeBnb" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) Label shipments, storage
containers and packages that contain uniquely identified items in
accordance with the requirements of MIL-STD-129, Military Marking
for Shipment and Storage, latest version; and</p>
         <p id="YHJEfc" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D) Verify that the marks
on items and labels on shipments, storage containers, and packages
are machine readable and conform to the applicable standards. The
contractor shall use an automatic identification technology device for
this verification that has been programmed to the requirements of
Appendix A, MIL-STD-130, latest version.</p>
         <p id="dMTORd" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) The issuing agency code—</p>
         <p id="IlWBii" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Shall not be placed on
the item; and</p>
         <p id="taLmqi" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Shall be derived from
the data qualifier for the enterprise identifier.</p>
         <p id="nUnQfq" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d) For each item that requires
item unique identification under paragraph (c)(1)(i), (ii), or (iv)
of this clause or when item unique identification is provided under
paragraph (c)(1)(v), in addition to the information provided as
part of the Material Inspection and Receiving Report specified elsewhere
in this contract, the Contractor shall report at the time of delivery, as
part of the Material Inspection and Receiving Report, the following
information:</p>
         <p id="vPuqdP" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Unique item identifier.</p>
         <p id="UQfNJN" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Unique item identifier
type.</p>
         <p id="jFNsAP" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) Issuing agency code (if
concatenated unique item identifier is used).</p>
         <p id="hPfzVY" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) Enterprise identifier
(if concatenated unique item identifier is used).</p>
         <p id="LmjimN" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5) Original part number
(if there is serialization within the original part number).</p>
         <p id="LRYazb" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6) Lot or batch number (if
there is serialization within the lot or batch number).</p>
         <p id="rymfeW" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(7) Current part number (optional
and only if not the same as the original part number).</p>
         <p id="opMzSw" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(8) Current part number effective
date (optional and only if current part number is used).</p>
         <p id="RYgZdO" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(9) Serial number (if concatenated
unique item identifier is used).</p>
         <p id="VrlJLk" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(10) Government’s unit acquisition
cost.</p>
         <p id="tjxMmc" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(11) Unit of measure.</p>
         <p id="ATuLYl" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(12) Type designation of
the item as specified in the contract schedule, if any.</p>
         <p id="WEvLIq" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(13) Whether the item is
an item of Special Tooling or Special Test Equipment.</p>
         <p id="PcNjnG" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(14) Whether the item is
covered by a warranty.</p>
         <p id="KSVPvV" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e) For embedded subassemblies,
components, and parts that require DoD item unique identification
under paragraph (c)(1)(iii) of this clause or when item unique identification
is provided under paragraph (c)(1)(v), the Contractor shall report
as part of the Material Inspection and Receiving Report specified
elsewhere in this contract, the following information:</p>
         <p id="WnkEXa" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Unique item identifier
of the parent item under paragraph (c)(1) of this clause that contains
the embedded subassembly, component, or part.</p>
         <p id="AfPyQC" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Unique item identifier
of the embedded subassembly, component, or part.</p>
         <p id="GyMXmw" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) Unique item identifier
type.**</p>
         <p id="dFuwWu" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) Issuing agency code (if
concatenated unique item identifier is used).**</p>
         <p id="ZtmSFH" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5) Enterprise identifier
(if concatenated unique item identifier is used).**</p>
         <p id="gAhBdo" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6) Original part number
(if there is serialization within the original part number).**</p>
         <p id="VjOoGJ" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(7) Lot or batch number (if
there is serialization within the lot or batch number).**</p>
         <p id="nZNUNg" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(8) Current part number (optional
and only if not the same as the original part number).**</p>
         <p id="GsUwQG" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(9) Current part number effective
date (optional and only if current part number is used).**</p>
         <p id="aPhVQm" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(10) Serial number (if concatenated
unique item identifier is used).**</p>
         <p id="oZYfBV" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(11) Description.</p>
         <p id="dDlPwE" class="- topic/p ">** Once per item.</p>
         <p id="GKGIdO" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(f) The Contractor shall
submit the information required by paragraphs (d) and (e) of this
clause as follows:</p>
         <p id="wMsrgn" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) End items shall be reported
using the receiving report capability in Wide Area WorkFlow (WAWF)
in accordance with the clause at <xref href="252.232-7003.dita#DFARS_252.232-7003"
                  base="i1383228"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.232-7003</xref>. If WAWF
is not required by this contract, and the contractor is not using
WAWF, follow the procedures at http://dodprocurementtoolbox.com/site/uidregistry/.</p>
         <p id="dLzJTP" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Embedded items shall
be reported by one of the following methods—</p>
         <p id="XBOBHn" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Use of the embedded items
capability in WAWF;</p>
         <p id="PNGmCt" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Direct data submission
to the IUID Registry following the procedures and formats at http://dodprocurementtoolbox.com/site/uidregistry/;
or</p>
         <p id="FYFqQy" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Via WAWF as a deliverable
attachment for exhibit line item number <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(fill in)</i> ___, Unique
Item Identifier Report for Embedded Items, Contract Data Requirements
List, DD Form 1423.</p>
         <p id="bKqpbC" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(g) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Subcontracts</i>. If the Contractor acquires by <ph rev="Revised January 31, 2023">sub</ph>contract any item(s) for which item unique identification is required in accordance with paragraph (c)(1) of this clause, the Contractor shall include this clause, including this paragraph (g), in the applicable subcontract(s), including subcontracts for commercial <ph rev="Revised January 31, 2023">products or commercial services</ph>.</p>
         <p id="vwDjtO" outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
