<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept xtrc=""
            id="DFARS_252_225_7065"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title "> 
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.225-7065</ph> Restriction on Acquisition of Fuel for Overseas Contingency Operations.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  href="225.7024-4.dita#DFARS_225_7024_4"
                  base="DFARS-225.7004-7"
                  xtrc="225.7004-7"
                  class="- topic/xref ">225.7024-4</xref>, use the following provision: </p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">Restriction on Acquisition of Fuel for Overseas Contingency Operations (Oct 2024) </p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) Prohibition. For an overseas contingency operation, DoD may not procure fuel in whole or in part, or derivatives of such fuel, that is sourced from nations or regions prohibited from selling petroleum to the United States. See <xref href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/subpart-25.7"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">FAR subpart 25.7</xref> and the Office of Foreign Assets Control website at <xref href="https://ofac.treasury.gov/​sanctions-programs-and-country-information"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref "/> for prohibited sources. </p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) Certification. Offerors shall complete the certification in paragraph (b)(1) of this provision and submit the certification with their offer. </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) The Offeror does [ ] does not [ ] certify that the fuel, in whole or in part, or derivatives of such fuel, to be provided under any contract resulting from this solicitation is not sourced from a nation or region prohibited from selling petroleum to the United States. </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Only Offerors who certify that the fuel to be provided is not sourced from a prohibited nation or region will be eligible for award. </p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Compliance</i>. </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) When requested by the Contracting Officer, the prospective Contractor shall submit records necessary to demonstrate compliance with applicable laws and regulations regarding export-controlled items and anticorruption statutes and regulations including— </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (<xref href="https://www.govinfo.gov/link/uscode/15/78dd-1"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">15 U.S.C. 78dd-1</xref>
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">et seq.</i>); </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) at <xref href="https://www.ecfr.gov/current/title-22/part-120"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">22 CFR parts 120</xref> through <xref href="https://www.ecfr.gov/current/title-22/part-130"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">130</xref> (also see Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) clause <xref href="252.225-7048.dita#DFARS_252.225-7048"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">252.225-7048</xref>, Export-Controlled Items); </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Export Administration Regulations (EAR) at <xref href="https://www.ecfr.gov/current/title-15/part-730"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">15 CFR parts 730</xref> through <xref href="https://www.ecfr.gov/current/title-15/part-774"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">774</xref> (also see DFARS clause <xref href="252.225-7048.dita#DFARS_252.225-7048"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">252.225-7048</xref>); and </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) Relevant regulations promulgated by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury. Sanction information for specific countries and programs is available at <xref href="https://ofac.treasury.gov/​sanctions-programs-and-country-information"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref "/>. </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) The Offeror shall contact the Department of State regarding ITAR compliance and the Department of Commerce regarding EAR compliance. </p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d) Reporting requirement. The Offeror shall, prior to contract award, promptly report to the Contracting Officer any instance of unsupported denial of access to a facility or equipment by a host-nation government that may prevent it from complying with the terms and conditions of the solicitation. </p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Endofprovision">(End of provision)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
