<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.223-7002"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.223-7002</ph> Safety Precautions for Ammunition and Explosives.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="i1378787"
                  href="223.370-5.dita#DFARS_223.370-5">223.370-5</xref>
            , use the following clause:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps"
            rev="Revised November 17, 2023">SAFETY PRECAUTIONS FOR AMMUNITION AND EXPLOSIVES (NOV 2023)</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1">(a)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definition</i>.  “Ammunition and explosives,” as used in this clause—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(1)  Means liquid and solid propellants and explosives, pyrotechnics, incendiaries and smokes in the following forms:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(i)  Bulk,</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(ii)  Ammunition;</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(iii)  Rockets;</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(iv)  Missiles;</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(v)  Warheads;</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(vi)  Devices; and</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(vii)  Components of (i) through (vi), except for wholly inert items.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(2)  This definition does not include the following, unless the Contractor is using or incorporating these materials for initiation, propulsion, or detonation as an integral or component part of an explosive, an ammunition or explosive end item, or of a weapon system—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(i)  Inert components containing no explosives, propellants, or pyrotechnics;</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(ii)  Flammable liquids;</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(iii)  Acids;</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(iv)  Oxidizers;</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(v)  Powdered metals; or</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(vi)  Other materials having fire or explosive characteristics.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1">(b)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Safety requirements</i>.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> (1) The Contractor shall comply with the requirements of <ph class="- topic/ph " rev="Revised November 17, 2023">DoD Manual 4145.26,</ph> DoD Contractors’ Safety Manual for Ammunition and Explosives,  hereafter referred to as “the manual,” in effect on the date of the solicitation for this contract. The Contractor shall also comply with any other additional requirements included in the schedule of this contract.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(2)  The Contractor shall allow the Government access to the Contractor's facilities, personnel, and safety program documentation.  The Contractor shall allow authorized Government representatives to evaluate safety programs, implementation, and facilities.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1">(c)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Noncompliance with the manual.</i>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(1)  If the Contracting Officer notifies the Contractor of any noncompliance with the manual or schedule provisions, the Contractor shall take immediate steps to correct the noncompliance.  The Contractor is not entitled to reimbursement of costs incurred to correct noncompliances unless such reimbursement is specified elsewhere in the contract.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(2)  The Contractor has 30 days from the date of notification by the Contracting Officer to correct the noncompliance and inform the Contracting Officer of the actions taken.  The Contracting Officer may direct a different time period for the correction of noncompliances.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(3)  If the Contractor refuses or fails to correct noncompliances within the time period specified by the Contracting Officer, the Government has the right to direct the Contractor to cease performance on all or part of this contract.  The Contractor shall not resume performance until the Contracting Officer is satisfied that the corrective action was effective and the Contracting Officer so informs the Contractor.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(4)  The Contracting Officer may remove Government personnel at any time the Contractor is in noncompliance with any safety requirement of this clause.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(5)  If the direction to cease work or the removal of Government personnel results in increased costs to the Contractor, the Contractor shall not be entitled to an adjustment in the contract price or a change in the delivery or performance schedule unless the Contracting Officer later determines that the Contractor had in fact complied with the manual or schedule provisions.  If the Contractor is entitled to an equitable adjustment, it shall be made in accordance with the Changes clause of this contract.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1">(d)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Mishaps</i>.  If a mishap involving ammunition or explosives occurs, the Contractor shall—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(1)  Notify the Contracting Officer immediately;</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(2)  Conduct an investigation in accordance with other provisions of this contract or as required by the Contracting Officer; and</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(3)  Submit a written report to the Contracting Officer.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1">(e)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Contractor responsibility for safety</i>.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(1)  Nothing in this clause, nor any Government action or failure to act in surveillance of this contract, shall relieve the Contractor of its responsibility for the safety of—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(i)  The Contractor's personnel and property;</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(ii)  The Government's personnel and property; or</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(iii)  The general public.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(2)  Nothing in this clause shall relieve the Contractor of its responsibility for complying with applicable Federal, State, and local laws, ordinances, codes, and regulations (including those requiring the obtaining of licenses and permits) in connection with the performance of this contract.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1">(f)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Contractor responsibility for contract performance</i>.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(1)  Neither the number or frequency of inspections performed by the Government, nor the degree of surveillance exercised by the Government, relieve the Contractor of its responsibility for contract performance.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(2)  If the Government acts or fails to act in surveillance or enforcement of the safety requirements of this contract, this does not impose or add to any liability of the Government.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1">(g)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Subcontractors</i>.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(1)  The Contractor shall insert this clause, including this paragraph (g), in every subcontract that involves ammunition or explosives.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(i)  The clause shall include a provision allowing authorized Government safety representatives to evaluate subcontractor safety programs, implementation, and facilities as the Government determines necessary.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(ii)  NOTE:  The Government Contracting Officer or authorized representative shall notify the prime Contractor of all findings concerning subcontractor safety and compliance with the manual.  The Contracting Officer or authorized representative may furnish copies to the subcontractor.  The Contractor in turn shall communicate directly with the subcontractor, substituting its name for references to “the Government”.  The Contractor and higher tier subcontractors shall also include provisions to allow direction to cease performance of the subcontract if a serious uncorrected or recurring safety deficiency potentially causes an imminent hazard to DoD personnel, property, or contract performance.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(2)  The Contractor agrees to ensure that the subcontractor complies with all contract safety requirements.  The Contractor will determine the best method for verifying the adequacy of the subcontractor's compliance.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(3)  The Contractor shall ensure that the subcontractor understands and agrees to the Government's right to access to the subcontractor's facilities, personnel, and safety program documentation to perform safety surveys.  The Government performs these safety surveys of subcontractor facilities solely to prevent the occurrence of any mishap which would endanger the safety of DoD personnel or otherwise adversely impact upon the Government's contractual interests.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(4)  The Contractor shall notify the Contracting Officer or authorized representative before issuing any subcontract when it involves ammunition or explosives.  If the proposed subcontract represents a change in the place of performance, the Contractor shall request approval for such change in accordance with the clause of this contract entitled “Change in Place of Performance—Ammunition and Explosives”.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
