<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.204-7015"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.204-7015</ph> Notice of Authorized Disclosure of Information for Litigation Support.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-205.7403"
                  href="204.7403.dita#DFARS_204.7403">204.7403</xref> (b), use the following clause:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">NOTICE OF AUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION FOR LITIGATION SUPPORT (JAN 2023)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definitions.  </i>As used in this clause—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Computer software” means computer programs, source code, source code listings, object code listings, design details, algorithms, processes, flow charts, formulae, and related material that would enable the software to be reproduced, recreated, or recompiled.  Computer software does not include computer data bases or computer software documentation.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Litigation support” means administrative, technical, or professional services provided in support of the Government during or in anticipation of litigation.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">"Litigation support contractor" means a contractor (including its experts, technical consultants, subcontractors, and suppliers) providing litigation support under a contract that contains the clause at 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="i1381025"
                  href="252.204-7014.dita#DFARS_252.204-7014">252.204-7014</xref>
            , Limitations on the Use or Disclosure of Information by Litigation Support Contractors.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Sensitive information” means controlled unclassified information of a commercial, financial, proprietary, or privileged nature. The term includes technical data and computer software, but does not include information that is lawfully, publicly available without restriction.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Technical data” means recorded information, regardless of the form or method of the recording, of a scientific or technical nature (including computer software documentation).  The term does not include computer software or data incidental to contract administration, such as financial and/or management information.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Notice of authorized disclosures.</i>  Notwithstanding any other provision of this solicitation or contract, the Government may disclose to a litigation support contractor, for the sole purpose of litigation support activities, any information, including sensitive information, received—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Within or in connection with a quotation or offer; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  In the performance of or in connection with a contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">
               Subcontracts.</i> Include the substance of this clause, including this paragraph (c), in all subcontracts, including subcontracts for commercial products or commercial services.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
