<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-252.225-7008"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.225-7008</ph> Restriction on Acquisition of Specialty Metals.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="i1379161"
                     href="225.7003-5.dita#DFARS-225.7003-5">225.7003-5</xref>
            </ph>(a)(1), use the following clause:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">RESTRICTION ON ACQUISITION OF SPECIALTY METALS (MAR 2013)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definitions</i>.  As used in this clause—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Alloy” means a metal consisting of a mixture of a basic metallic element and one or more metallic, or non-metallic, alloying elements.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  For alloys named by a single metallic element (e.g., titanium alloy), it means that the alloy contains 50 percent or more of the named metal (by mass).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  If two metals are specified in the name (e.g, nickel-iron alloy), those metals are the two predominant elements in the alloy, and together they constitute 50 percent or more of the alloy (by mass).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Produce” means—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  Atomization;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Sputtering; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Final consolidation of non-melt derived metal powders.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Specialty metal” means—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  Steel—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  With a maximum alloy content exceeding one or more of the following limits:  manganese, 1.65 percent; silicon, 0.60 percent; or copper, 0.60 percent; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  Containing more than 0.25 percent of any of the following elements:  aluminum, chromium, cobalt, molybdenum, nickel, niobium (columbium), titanium, tungsten, or vanadium;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  Metal alloys consisting of—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  Nickel or iron-nickel alloys that contain a total of alloying metals other than nickel and iron in excess of 10 percent; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  Cobalt alloys that contain a total of alloying metals other than cobalt and iron in excess of 10 percent; </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii)  Titanium and titanium alloys; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv)  Zirconium and zirconium alloys.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Steel” means an iron alloy that includes between .02 and 2 percent carbon and may include other elements. </p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  Any specialty metal delivered under this contract shall be melted or produced in the United States or its outlying areas.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
