<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.235-7004" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.235-7004</ph> Protection of Human Subjects.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref " base="DFARS-235.072" href="235.072.dita#DFARS_235.072">235.072</xref>
            (e), use the following clause:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">PROTECTION OF HUMAN SUBJECTS (JUL 2009)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definitions</i>.  As used in this clause—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  “Assurance of compliance” means a written assurance that an institution will comply with requirements of 32 CFR Part 219, as well as the terms of the assurance, which the Human Research Protection Official determines to be appropriate for the research supported by the Department of Defense (DoD) component (32 CFR 219.103).	</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  “Human Research Protection Official (HRPO)” means the individual designated by the head of the applicable DoD component and identified in the component’s Human Research Protection Management Plan as the official who is responsible for the oversight and execution of the requirements of this clause, although some DoD components may use a different title for this position. </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  “Human subject” means a living individual about whom an investigator (whether professional or student) conducting research obtains data through intervention or interaction with the individual, or identifiable private information (32 CFR 219.102(f)).  For example, this could include the use of human organs, tissue, and body fluids from individually identifiable living human subjects as well as graphic, written, or recorded information derived from individually identifiable living human subjects.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4)  “Institution” means any public or private entity or agency (32 CFR 219.102(b)). </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5)  “Institutional Review Board (IRB)” means a board established for the purposes expressed in 32 CFR Part 219 (32 CFR 219.102(g)).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6)  “IRB approval” means the determination of the IRB that the research has been reviewed and may be conducted at an institution within the constraints set forth by the IRB and by other institutional and Federal requirements (32 CFR 219.102(h)).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(7)  “Research” means a systematic investigation, including research, development, testing, and evaluation, designed to develop or contribute to generalizable knowledge.  Activities that meet this definition constitute research for purposes of 32 CFR Part 219, whether or not they are conducted or supported under a program that is considered research for other purposes.  For example, some demonstration and service programs may include research activities (32 CFR 219.102(d)).</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  The Contractor shall oversee the execution of the research to ensure compliance with this clause.  The Contractor shall comply fully with 32 CFR Part 219 and DoD Directive 3216.02, applicable DoD component policies, 10 U.S.C. 980, and, when applicable, Food and Drug Administration policies and regulations.  </p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  The Contractor shall not commence performance of research involving human subjects that is covered under 32 CFR Part 219 or that meets exemption criteria under 32 CFR 219.101(b), or expend funding on such effort, until and unless the conditions of either the following paragraph (c)(1) or (c)(2) have been met:</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  The Contractor furnishes to the HRPO, with a copy to the Contracting Officer, an assurance of compliance and IRB approval and receives notification from the Contracting Officer that the HRPO has approved the assurance as appropriate for the research under the Statement of Work and also that the HRPO has reviewed the protocol and accepted the IRB approval for compliance with the DoD component policies.  The Contractor may furnish evidence of an existing assurance of compliance for acceptance by the HRPO, if an appropriate assurance has been approved in connection with previous research.  The Contractor shall notify the Contracting Officer immediately of any suspensions or terminations of the assurance. </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  The Contractor furnishes to the HRPO, with a copy to the Contracting Officer, a determination that the human research proposed meets exemption criteria in 32 CFR 219.101(b) and receives written notification from the Contracting Officer that the exemption is determined acceptable.  The determination shall include citation of the exemption category under 32 CFR 219.101(b) and a rationale statement.  In the event of a disagreement regarding the Contractor’s furnished exemption determination, the HRPO retains final judgment on what research activities or classes of research are covered or are exempt under the contract. </p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)  DoD staff, consultants, and advisory groups may independently review and inspect the Contractor’s research and research procedures involving human subjects and, based on such findings, DoD may prohibit research that presents unacceptable hazards or otherwise fails to comply with DoD procedures.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e)  Failure of the Contractor to comply with the requirements of this clause will result in the issuance of a stop-work order under Federal Acquisition Regulation clause 52.242-15 to immediately suspend, in whole or in part, work and further payment under this contract, or will result in other issuance of suspension of work and further payment for as long as determined necessary at the discretion of the Contracting Officer.  </p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(f)  The Contractor shall include the substance of this clause, including this paragraph (f), in all subcontracts that may include research involving human subjects in accordance with 32 CFR Part 219, DoD Directive 3216.02, and 10 U.S.C. 980, including research that meets exemption criteria under 32 CFR 219.101(b).  This clause does not apply to subcontracts that involve only the use of cadaver materials.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
