<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.215-7016"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title outputclass="subtopic" class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.215-7016</ph> Notification to Offerors—Postaward
Debriefings.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <xref href="215.570.dita#DFARS_215.570"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  xtrc="215.570">215.570</xref>,
use the following provision:</p>
         <p id="nKWQSz" outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps" class="- topic/p ">NOTIFICATION TO OFFERORS—POSTAWARD
DEBRIEFINGS (MAR 2022)</p>
         <p id="wScEvl" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)
Definition. As used in this provision—</p>
         <p id="XqzNBe" class="- topic/p ">" <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Nontraditional
defense contractor</i> " means an entity that is not currently performing
and has not performed any contract or subcontract for DoD that is
subject to full coverage under the cost accounting standards prescribed
pursuant to 41 U.S.C. 1502 and the regulations implementing such
section, for at least the 1-year period preceding the solicitation
of sources by DoD for the procurement (10 U.S.C. 2302(9)).</p>
         <p id="TrELNg" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)
Postaward debriefing.</p>
         <p id="LypzmF" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)
Upon timely request, the Government will provide a written or oral
postaward debriefing to successful or unsuccessful offerors for
contract awards valued at $10 million or more, while protecting
the confidential and proprietary information of other offerors.
The request is considered timely if received within 3 days of notification
of contract award.</p>
         <p id="ukKsEG" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)
When required, the minimum postaward debriefing information will
include the following:</p>
         <p id="xLwtkd" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)
For contracts in excess of $10 million and not in excess of $100
million with a small business or nontraditional defense contractor,
an option for the small business or nontraditional defense contractor
to request disclosure of the agency's written source selection decision
document, redacted to protect the confidential and proprietary information of
other offerors for the contract award.</p>
         <p id="ciNlKR" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)
For contracts in excess of $100 million, disclosure of the agency's
written source selection decision document, redacted to protect
the confidential and proprietary information of other offerors for
the contract award.</p>
         <p id="kLIGmV" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)
If a required postaward debriefing is provided—</p>
         <p id="TksJnG" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)
The debriefed Offeror may submit additional written questions related
to the debriefing not later than 2 business days after the date
of the debriefing;</p>
         <p id="vZhHIF" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)
The agency will respond in writing to timely submitted additional
questions within 5 business days after receipt by the contracting
officer; and</p>
         <p id="gltcQk" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii)
The postaward debriefing will not be considered to be concluded
until the later of—</p>
         <p id="XnIBCc" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)
The date that the postaward debriefing is delivered, orally or in
writing; or</p>
         <p id="ijJvly" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)
If additional written questions related to the debriefing are timely
received, the date the agency delivers its written response.</p>
         <p id="kwzgMG" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)
Contract performance. The Government may suspend performance of
or terminate the awarded contract upon notice from the Government
Accountability Office of a protest filed within the time periods
listed in paragraphs (c)(1) through (3) of this provision, whichever
is later:</p>
         <p id="rBPoPK" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(1)
Within 10 days after the date of contract award.</p>
         <p id="rVAipx" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(2)
Within 5 days after a debriefing date offered to the protestor under
a timely debriefing request in accordance with Federal Acquisition
Regulation (FAR) <xref href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/part-15#FAR_15_506"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">15.506</xref> unless an earlier
debriefing date is negotiated as a result.</p>
         <p id="agoBbj" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(3)
Within 5 days after a postaward debriefing under FAR <xref href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/part-15#FAR_15_506"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">15.506</xref> is concluded
            in accordance with Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement <xref href="215.506-70.dita#DFARS_215.506-70"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  xtrc="">215.506-70</xref> (b).</p>
         <p id="WwEuMu" outputclass="Endofprovision" class="- topic/p ">(End of provision)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
