<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.225-7058"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title " rev="Revised August 25, 2022"> 
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.225-7058</ph> Postaward Disclosure of Employment of Individuals Who Work in the People’s Republic of China.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p rev="Revised August 25, 2022">As prescribed in 225.7021-4(b), use the following clause: </p>
         <p outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps" rev="Revised August 25, 2022">POSTAWARD DISCLOSURE OF EMPLOYMENT OF INDIVIDUALS WHO WORK IN THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA (AUG 2022) </p>
         <p outputclass="List1" rev="Revised August 25, 2022">(a) Definitions. As used in this clause— “Covered contract” means any DoD contract or subcontract with a value in excess of $5 million, not including contracts for commercial items. “Covered entity” means any corporation, company, limited liability company, limited partnership, business trust, business association, or other similar entity, including any subsidiary thereof, performing work on a covered contract in the People’s Republic of China, including by leasing or owning real property used in the performance of the covered contract in the People’s Republic of China. </p>
         <p outputclass="List1" rev="Revised August 25, 2022">(b) Disclosure requirement. </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" rev="Revised August 25, 2022">(1) In accordance with section 855 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 (Pub. L. 117-81, 10 U.S.C. 4651 note prec.), DoD may not award, extend, or exercise an option on a covered contract with a covered entity unless such covered entity submits each required disclosure of its use of workforce and facilities in the People’s Republic of China, if it employs one or more individuals who perform work in the People’s Republic of China on a covered contract. </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" rev="Revised August 25, 2022">(2) If the Contractor is a covered entity, the Contractor shall disclose for the Government’s fiscal years 2023 and 2024, the Contractor’s employment of one or more individuals who perform work in the People’s Republic of China on any covered contract. The disclosures shall include— </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" rev="Revised August 25, 2022">(i) The total number of such individuals who perform work in the People’s Republic of China on the covered contracts funded by DoD; and </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" rev="Revised August 25, 2022">(ii) A description of the physical presence, including street address or addresses in the People’s Republic of China, where work on the covered contract is performed. </p>
         <p outputclass="List1" rev="Revised August 25, 2022">(c) Subcontracts. The Contractor shall insert this clause, including this paragraph (c), without alteration other than to identify the appropriate parties, in all subcontracts that meet the definition of a covered contract. </p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" rev="Revised August 25, 2022">(End of clause) </p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
