<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.225-7056"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.225-7056</ph> Prohibition Regarding Business         Operations with the Maduro Regime.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <xref href="225.7020-5.dita#DFARS_225.7020-5"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">225.7020-5</xref>(b), use the following clause:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps"
            rev="Revised January 31, 2023">PROHIBITION REGARDING BUSINESS OPERATIONS
            WITH THE MADURO REGIME (JAN 2023)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p "> (a) Definitions. As used in this clause—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Agency or instrumentality of the government of Venezuela</i> means an agency or
            instrumentality of a foreign state as defined in 28 U.S.C. 1603(b), with each reference
            in section 1603(b) to a foreign state deemed to be a reference to Venezuela.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Business operations</i> means engaging in commerce in any form, including acquiring,
            developing, maintaining, owning, selling, possessing, leasing, or operating equipment,
            facilities, personnel, products, services, personal property, real property, or any
            other apparatus of business or commerce.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Government of Venezuela</i> means the government of any political subdivision of
            Venezuela, and any agency or instrumentality of the government of Venezuela.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Person </i>means—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p "> (1) A natural person, corporation, company,
            business association, partnership, society, trust, or any other nongovernmental entity,
            organization, or group;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p "> (2) Any governmental entity or instrumentality
            of a government, including a multilateral development institution (as defined in section
            1701(c)(3) of the International Financial Institutions Act (22 U.S.C. 262r(c)(3));
            and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p "> (3) Any successor, subunit, parent entity, or
            subsidiary of, or any entity under common ownership or control with, any entity
            described in paragraph (1) or (2) of this definition.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) Prohibition. In accordance with section 890
            of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Pub. L. 116-92), DoD is
            prohibited from entering into a contract for the procurement of products or services
            with any person that has business operations with an authority of the government of
            Venezuela that is not recognized as the legitimate government of Venezuela by the U.S.
            Government, unless the person has a valid license to operate in Venezuela issued by the
            Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury. </p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) The Contractor shall— </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Not have any business operations with an
            authority of the Maduro regime or the government of Venezuela that is not recognized as
            the legitimate government of Venezuela by the U.S. Government; or </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Have a valid license to operate in Venezuela
            issued by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury. </p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d) Subcontracts. The Contractor shall insert the substance of this clause, including this paragraph (d), in all subcontracts, including subcontracts for the acquisition of commercial <ph rev="Revised January 31, 2023">products</ph>. </p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause) </p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
