<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-252.236-7012"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.236-7012</ph> Military Construction on Kwajalein Atoll—Evaluation Preference.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="provision" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="DFARS-236.570"
                     href="236.570.dita#DFARS-236.570">236.570</xref>
            </ph>(c)(2), use the following provision:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">MILITARY CONSTRUCTION ON KWAJALEIN ATOLL—EVALUATION PREFERENCE (MAR 1998)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definitions.</i>  As used in this provision—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  “Marshallese firm” means a local firm incorporated in the Marshall Islands, or otherwise legally organized under the laws of the Marshall Islands, that—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  Is more than 50 percent owned by citizens of the Marshall Islands; or </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  Complies with the following:</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  The firm has done business in the Marshall Islands on a continuing basis for not less than 3 years prior to the date of issuance of this solicitation;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  Substantially all of the firm’s directors of local operations, senior staff, and operating personnel are resident in the Marshall Islands or are U.S. citizens; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C)  Most of the operating equipment and physical plant are in the Marshall Islands.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  “United States firm” means a firm incorporated in the United States that complies with the following:</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  The corporate headquarters are in the United States;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  The firm has filed corporate and employment tax returns in the United States for a minimum of 2 years (if required), has filed State and Federal income tax returns (if required) for 2 years, and has paid any taxes due as a result of these filings; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii)  The firm employs United States citizens in key management positions.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Evaluation.</i>  Offers from firms that do not qualify as United States firms or Marshallese firms will be evaluated by adding 20 percent to the offer, unless application of the factor would not result in award to a United States firm.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Status.</i>  The offeror is ______ a United States firm;  ______ a Marshallese firm; _______ Other.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofprovision" class="- topic/p ">(End of provision)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
