<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="DFARS-252.225-7050"
            domains="(topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic task)                            (topic hi-d)                             (topic ut-d)                             (topic indexing-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            (topic pr-d)                             (topic sw-d)                            (topic ui-d)                             (topic task strictTaskbody-c)    "
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.225-7050</ph> Disclosure of
Ownership or Control by the Government of a Country that is a State
Sponsor of Terrorism.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="provision" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <xref href="225.771-5.dita#DFARS-225.771-5"
                  base="i1378925"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">225.771-5</xref>, use the following
provision:</p>
         <p rev="Revised September 29, 2021"
            outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps"
            class="- topic/p ">DISCLOSURE
OF OWNERSHIP OR CONTROL BY THE GOVERNMENT OF A COUNTRY THAT IS A
STATE SPONSOR OF TERRORISM (SEP 2021)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definitions.</i>As used in this
provision—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Government of a country that is a state sponsor of terrorism”
includes the state and the government of a country that is a state
sponsor of terrorism, as well as any political subdivision, agency,
or instrumentality thereof.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Significant interest” means—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">
            <ph rev="Revised September 29, 2021" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph> Ownership
of or beneficial interest in 5 percent or more of the firm’s or
subsidiary’s securities. Beneficial interest includes holding 5
percent or more of any class of the firm’s securities in “nominee
shares,” “street names,” or some other method of holding securities
that does not disclose the beneficial owner;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">
            <ph rev="Revised September 29, 2021" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph> Holding
a management position in the firm, such as a director or officer;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">
            <ph rev="Revised September 29, 2021" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph> Ability
to control or influence the election, appointment, or tenure of
directors or officers in the firm;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">
            <ph rev="Revised September 29, 2021" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph> Ownership
of 10 percent or more of the assets of a firm such as equipment,
buildings, real estate, or other tangible assets of the firm; or</p>
         <p rev="Revised September 29, 2021"
            outputclass="List2"
            class="- topic/p ">(5)
Holding 50 percent or more of the indebtedness of a firm.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“State sponsor of terrorism” means a country determined by the
Secretary of State, under section 1754(c)(1)(A)(i) of the Export
Control Reform Act of 2018 (Title XVII, Subtitle B, of the National
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, Pub. L. 115-232),
to be a country the government of which has repeatedly provided
support for acts of international terrorism. As of the date of this
provision, state sponsors of terrorism<ph rev="Revised September 29, 2021" class="- topic/ph "> include</ph> Iran, North
Korea, Sudan, and Syria.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Prohibition on award.</i> In accordance
with 10 U.S.C. 2327, unless a waiver is granted by the Secretary
of Defense, no contract may be awarded to a firm if the government
of a country that is a state sponsor of terrorism owns or controls
a significant interest in—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) The firm;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) A subsidiary of the firm; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) Any other firm that owns or controls
the firm.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Representation.</i>Unless the Offeror
submits with its offer the disclosure required in paragraph (d)
of this provision, the Offeror represents, by submission of its
offer, that the government of a country that is a state sponsor
of terrorism does not own or control a significant interest in—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) The Offeror;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) A subsidiary of the Offeror; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) Any other firm that owns or controls
the Offeror.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Disclosure.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) The Offeror shall disclose in an attachment
to its offer if the government of a country that is a state sponsor
of terrorism owns or controls a significant interest in the Offeror;
a subsidiary of the Offeror; or any other firm that owns or controls the
Offeror.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) The disclosure shall include—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Identification of each government holding
a significant interest; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) A description of the significant interest
held by each government.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofprovision" class="- topic/p ">(End of provision)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
