<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.235-7002" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.235-7002</ph> Animal Welfare.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref " base="DFARS-235.072" href="235.072.dita#DFARS_235.072">235.072</xref>
            (a), use the following clause:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">ANIMAL WELFARE (DEC 2014)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)(1)  The Contractor shall register its research, development, test, and evaluation or training facility with the Secretary of Agriculture in accordance with 7 U.S.C. 2136 and 9 CFR subpart C, and section 2.30, unless otherwise exempt from this requirement by meeting the conditions in 7 U.S.C. 2136 and 9 CFR parts 1 through 4 for the duration of the activity.  The Contractor shall have its proposed animal use approved in accordance with Department of Defense Instruction (DoDI) 3216.01, Use of Animals in DoD Programs, by a DoD Component Headquarters Oversight Office.  The Contractor shall furnish evidence of such registration and approval to the Contracting Officer before beginning work under this contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  The Contractor shall make its animals, and all premises, facilities, vehicles, equipment, and records that support animal care available during business hours and at other times mutually agreeable to the Contractor and the United States Department of Agriculture Office of Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (USDA/APHIS) representative, personnel representing the DoD component oversight offices, as well as the Contracting Officer, to ascertain that the Contractor is compliant with 7 U.S.C. 2131-2159 and 9 CFR parts 1 through 4.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  The Contractor shall acquire animals in accordance with DoDI 3216.01, current at time of award (http://www.dtic.mil/whs/directives/corres/pdf/321601p.pdf).</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  The Contractor agrees that the care and use of animals will conform with the pertinent laws of the United States, regulations of the Department of Agriculture, and policies and procedures of the Department of Defense (see 7 U.S.C. 2131 <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">et seq.</i>, and 9 CFR subchapter A, parts 1 through 4, DoDI 3216.01, Army Regulation 40-33/ SECNAVINST 3900.38C/AFMAN 40-401(I)/DARPAINST 18/USUHSINST 3203).  The Contractor shall also comply with DoDI 1322.24, Medical Readiness Training, if this contract includes acquisition of training.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)  The Contracting Officer may immediately suspend, in whole or in part, work and further payments under this contract for failure to comply with the requirements of paragraphs (a) through (c) of this clause.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  The suspension will stay in effect until the Contractor complies with the requirements.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Failure to complete corrective action within the time specified by the Contracting Officer may result in termination of this contract and, if applicable, removal of the Contractor's name from the approved vendor list for live animals used in medical training.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e)  The Contractor may request registration of its facility by contacting USDA/APHIS/AC, 4700 River Road, Unit 84, Riverdale, MD 20737-1234, or via the APHIS Animal Care website at:  http://www.aphis.usda.gov/wps/portal/aphis/ourfocus/animalwelfare.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(f)  The Contractor shall include the substance of this clause, including this paragraph (f), in all subcontracts involving research, development, test, and evaluation or training that use live vertebrate animals.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
