<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-252.232-7011"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.232-7011</ph> Payments in Support of Emergencies and Contingency Operations.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="DFARS-232.908"
                     href="232.908.dita#DFARS-232.908">232.908</xref>
            </ph>, use the following clause:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">PAYMENTS IN SUPPORT OF EMERGENCIES AND CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (MAY 2013)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  Definitions of pertinent terms are set forth in sections 2.101, 32.001, and 32.902 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  Notwithstanding any other payment clause in this contract, the Government will make invoice payments under the terms and conditions specified in this clause.  The Government considers payment as being made on the day a check is dated or the date of an electronic funds transfer.  </p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  Invoice payments.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Due date.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  Payment will be made as soon as possible once a proper invoice is received and matched with the contract and the receiving/acceptance report.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  If the contract does not require submission of an invoice for payment (e.g., periodic lease payments), the due date will be as specified in the contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Contractor's invoice. The Contractor shall prepare and submit invoices to the designated billing office specified in the contract.  A proper invoice should include the items listed in paragraphs (c)(2)(i) through (c)(2)(x) of this clause.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  Name and address of the Contractor.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  Invoice date and invoice number. (The Contractor should date invoices as close as possible to the date of the mailing or transmission.)</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii)  Contract number or other authorization for supplies delivered or services performed (including order number and contract line item number).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv)  Description, quantity, unit of measure, unit price, and extended price of supplies delivered or services performed.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(v)  Shipping and payment terms (e.g., shipment number and date of shipment, discount for prompt payment terms).  Bill of lading number and weight of shipment will be shown for shipments on Government bills of lading.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vi)  Name and address of Contractor official to whom payment is to be sent (must be the same as that in the contract or in a proper notice of assignment).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vii)  Name (where practicable), title, phone number, and mailing address of person to notify in the event of a defective invoice.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(viii)  Taxpayer Identification Number (when required).  The taxpayer identification number is required for all payees subject to the U.S. Internal Revenue Code.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ix)  Electronic funds transfer banking information.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  The Contractor shall include electronic funds transfer banking information on the invoice only if required elsewhere in this contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  If electronic funds transfer banking information is not required to be on the invoice, in order for the invoice to be a proper invoice, the Contractor shall have submitted correct electronic funds transfer banking  information in accordance with the applicable solicitation provision (e.g., <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 52.232-38</ph>, Submission of Electronic Funds Transfer Information with Offer), contract clause (e.g., <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 52.232-33</ph>, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer—System for Award Management, or <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 52.232-34</ph>, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-Other Than System for Award Management), or applicable agency procedures.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C)  Electronic funds transfer banking information is not required if the Government waived the requirement to pay by electronic funds transfer.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(x)  Any other information or documentation required by the contract (e.g., evidence of shipment).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  Discounts for prompt payment. The designated payment office will take cost-effective discounts if the payment is made within the discount terms of the contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4)  Contract financing payment. If this contract provides for contract financing, the Government will make contract financing payments in accordance with the applicable contract financing clause.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5)  Overpayments. If the Contractor becomes aware of a duplicate contract financing or invoice payment or that the Government has otherwise overpaid on a contract financing or invoice payment, the Contractor shall—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  Remit the overpayment amount to the payment office cited in the contract along with a description of the overpayment, including the—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  Circumstances of the overpayment (e.g., duplicate payment, erroneous payment, liquidation errors, date(s) of overpayment);</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  Affected contract number and delivery order number, if applicable;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C)  Affected contract line item or subline item, if applicable; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D)  Contractor point of contact; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  Provide a copy of the remittance and supporting documentation to the Contracting Officer.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)  This clause is applicable until otherwise notified by the Contracting Officer.  Upon notification by issuance of a contract modification, the appropriate FAR Prompt Payment clause in the contract becomes applicable.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
