<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2" domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.223-7008" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.223-7008</ph> Prohibition of Hexavalent Chromium.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in 
               <xref href="223.7306.dita#DFARS_223.7306" base="DFARS-223.7306" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref ">223.7306</xref>
            , use the following clause:</p>
         <p outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps" class="- topic/p ">PROHIBITION OF HEXAVALENT CHROMIUM (JUN 2013)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definitions</i>. As used in this clause—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Homogeneous material” means a material that cannot be mechanically disjointed into different materials and is of uniform composition throughout.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Examples of homogeneous materials include individual types of plastics, ceramics, glass, metals, alloys, paper, board, resins, and surface coatings.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Homogeneous material does not include conversion coatings that chemically modify the substrate.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Mechanically disjointed” means that the materials can, in principle, be separated by mechanical actions such as unscrewing, cutting, crushing, grinding, and abrasive processes.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(b) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Prohibition</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Unless otherwise specified by the Contracting Officer, the Contractor shall not provide any deliverable or construction material under this contract that—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Contains hexavalent chromium in a concentration greater than 0.1 percent by weight in any homogenous material; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Requires the removal or reapplication of hexavalent chromium materials during subsequent sustainment phases of the deliverable or construction material.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) This prohibition does not apply to hexavalent chromium produced as a by-product of manufacturing processes.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) If authorization for incorporation of hexavalent chromium in a deliverable or construction material is required, the Contractor shall submit a request to the Contracting Officer.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">(d) Subcontracts. The Contractor shall include the substance of this clause, including this paragraph (d), in all subcontracts, including subcontracts for commercial items, that are for supplies, maintenance and repair services, or construction materials.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
