<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.239-7009" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.239-7009</ph> Representation of Use of Cloud Computing.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="provision" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref " base="DFARS-239.7604" href="239.7604.dita#DFARS_239.7604">239.7604</xref>
            (a), use the following provision:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">REPRESENTATION OF USE OF CLOUD COMPUTING (SEP 2015)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definition.</i>  “Cloud computing,” as used in this provision, means a model for enabling ubiquitous, convenient, on-demand network access to a shared pool of configurable computing resources (e.g., networks, servers, storage, applications, and services) that can be rapidly provisioned and released with minimal management effort or service provider interaction.  This includes other commercial terms, such as on-demand self-service, broad network access, resource pooling, rapid elasticity, and measured service.  It also includes commercial offerings for software-as-a-service, infrastructure-as-a-service, and platform-as-a-service.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  The Offeror shall indicate by checking the appropriate blank in paragraph (c) of this provision whether the use of cloud computing is anticipated under the resultant contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Representation.</i>  The Offeror represents that it—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">_____ Does anticipate that cloud computing services will be used in the performance of any contract or subcontract resulting from this solicitation.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">_____ Does not anticipate that cloud computing services will be used in the performance of any contract or subcontract resulting from this solicitation.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofprovision" class="- topic/p ">(End of provision)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
