<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-252.229-7015"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.229-7015</ph> Taxes—Foreign Contracts in Afghanistan (North Atlantic Treaty Organization Status of Forces Agreement).</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="i1379979"
                     href="229.402-70.dita#DFARS-229.402-70">229.402-70</xref>
            </ph>(l), use the following clause:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">TAXES—FOREIGN CONTRACTS IN AFGHANISTAN (NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION STATUS OF FORCES AGREEMENT) (DEC 2015)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  This acquisition is covered by the Status of Forces Agreement (SOFA) entered into between the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan issued on September 30, 2014, and entered into force on January 1, 2015.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  The SOFA exempts NATO Forces and its contractors and subcontractors (other than those that are Afghan legal entities or residents) from paying any tax or similar charge assessed within Afghanistan.  The SOFA also exempts the acquisition, importation, exportation, reexportation, transportation and use of supplies and services in Afghanistan from all Afghan taxes, customs, duties, fees, or similar charges.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  The Contractor shall exclude any Afghan taxes, customs, duties, fees or similar charges from the contract price, other than those that are Afghan legal entities or residents.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)  Afghan citizens employed by NATO contractors and subcontractors are subject to Afghan tax laws.  To the extent required by Afghan law, the Contractor shall withhold tax from the wages of these employees and remit those withholdings to the Afghanistan Revenue Department.  These withholdings are an individual's liability, not a tax against the Contractor.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e)  The Contractor shall include the substance of this clause, including this paragraph (e), in all subcontracts including subcontracts for commercial items.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
