<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-252.209-7006"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.209-7006</ph> Limitations on Contractors Acting as Lead System Integrators.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="provision" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="i1377837"
                     href="209.570-4.dita#DFARS-209.570-4">209.570-4</xref>
            </ph>(a), use the following provision:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">LIMITATIONS ON CONTRACTORS ACTING AS LEAD SYSTEM INTEGRATORS (JAN 2008)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definitions</i>.  “Lead system integrator,” “lead system integrator with system responsibility,” and “lead system integrator without system responsibility,” as used in this provision, have the meanings given in the clause of this solicitation entitled “Prohibited Financial Interests for Lead System Integrators” (DFARS <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="i1381168"
                     href="252.209-7007.dita#DFARS-252.209-7007">252.209-7007</xref>
            </ph>).  </p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">General</i>.  Unless an exception is granted, no contractor performing lead system integrator functions in the acquisition of a major system by the Department of Defense may have any direct financial interest in the development or construction of any individual system or element of any system of systems.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Representations</i>.  </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  The offeror represents that it does [ ] does not [ ] propose to perform this contract as a lead system integrator with system responsibility.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  The offeror represents that it does [ ] does not [ ] propose to perform this contract as a lead system integrator without system responsibility.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  If the offeror answered in the affirmative in paragraph (c)(1) or (2) of this provision, the offeror represents that it does [ ] does not [ ] have any direct financial interest as described in paragraph (b) of this provision with respect to the system(s), subsystem(s), system of systems, or services described in this solicitation.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)  If the offeror answered in the affirmative in paragraph (c)(3) of this provision, the offeror should contact the Contracting Officer for guidance on the possibility of submitting a mitigation plan and/or requesting an exception.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e)  If the offeror does have a direct financial interest, the offeror may be prohibited from receiving an award under this solicitation, unless the offeror submits to the Contracting Officer appropriate evidence that the offeror was selected by a subcontractor to serve as a lower-tier subcontractor through a process over which the offeror exercised no control.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(f)  This provision implements the requirements of 10 U.S.C. 2410p, as added by Section 807 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Pub. L. 109-364).</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofprovision" class="- topic/p ">(End of provision)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
