<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="DFARS-252.251-7000"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.251-7000</ph> Ordering From
Government Supply Sources.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref href="251.107.dita#DFARS-251.107"
                     base="DFARS-251.107"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref ">251.107</xref>
            </ph>,
use the following clause:</p>
         <p outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps" class="- topic/p ">ORDERING FROM GOVERNMENT SUPPLY SOURCES
(AUG 2012)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) When placing orders under Federal Supply
Schedules, Personal Property Rehabilitation Price Schedules, or
Enterprise Software Agreements, the Contractor shall follow the
terms of the applicable schedule or agreement and authorization. Include
in each order:</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) A copy of the authorization (unless
a copy was previously furnished to the Federal Supply Schedule,
Personal Property Rehabilitation Price Schedule, or Enterprise Software
Agreement contractor).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) The following statement:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Any price reductions negotiated as part of an Enterprise Software
Agreement issued under a Federal Supply Schedule contract shall
control. In the event of any other inconsistencies between an Enterprise
Software Agreement, established as a Federal Supply Schedule blanket
purchase agreement, and the Federal Supply Schedule contract, the
latter shall govern.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) The completed address(es) to which
the Contractor's mail, freight, and billing documents are to be
directed.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) When placing orders under nonmandatory
schedule contracts and requirements contracts, issued by the General
Services Administration (GSA) Office of Information Resources Management,
for automated data processing equipment, software and maintenance,
communications equipment and supplies, and teleprocessing services,
the Contractor shall follow the terms of the applicable contract
and the procedures in paragraph (a) of this clause.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) When placing orders for Government
stock on a reimbursable basis, the Contractor shall—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Comply with the requirements of the
Contracting Officer's authorization, using FEDSTRIP or MILSTRIP
procedures, as appropriate;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Use only the GSA Form 1948-A, Retail
Services Shopping Plate, when ordering from GSA Self-Service Stores;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) Order only those items required in
the performance of Government contracts; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) Pay invoices from Government supply
sources promptly. For purchases made from DoD supply sources, this
means within 30 days of the date of a proper invoice. The Contractor
shall annotate each invoice with the date of receipt. For purposes
of computing interest for late Contractor payments, the Government’s
invoice is deemed to be a demand for payment in accordance with
the Interest clause of this contract. The Contractor’s failure to
pay may also result in the DoD supply source refusing to honor the
requisition (see DFARS <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref href="251.102.dita#DFARS-251.102"
                     base="DFARS-251.102"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref ">251.102</xref>
            </ph>(f)) or in
the Contracting Officer terminating the Contractor’s authorization
to use DoD supply sources. In the event the Contracting Officer
decides to terminate the authorization due to the Contractor’s failure
to pay in a timely manner, the Contracting Officer shall provide
the Contractor with prompt written notice of the intent to terminate
the authorization and the basis for such action. The Contractor
shall have 10 days after receipt of the Government’s notice in which
to provide additional information as to why the authorization should
not be terminated. The termination shall not provide the Contractor
with an excusable delay for failure to perform or complete the contract
in accordance with the terms of the contract, and the Contractor shall
be solely responsible for any increased costs.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d) When placing orders for Government
stock on a non-reimbursable basis, the Contractor shall—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Comply with the requirements of the
Contracting Officer's authorization; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) When using electronic transactions
to submit requisitions on a non-reimbursable basis only, place orders
by authorizing contract number using the Defense Logistics Management
System (DLMS) Supplement to Federal Implementation Convention 511R,
Requisition; and acknowledge receipts by authorizing contract number
using the DLMS Supplement 527R, Receipt, Inquiry, Response and Material
Receipt Acknowledgement.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e) Only the Contractor may request authorization
for subcontractor use of Government supply sources. The Contracting
Officer will not grant authorizations for subcontractor use without
approval of the Contractor.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(f) Government invoices shall be submitted
to the Contractor’s billing address, and Contractor payments shall
be sent to the Government remittance address specified below:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Contractor’s Billing Address (include point of contact and telephone
number):</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Government Remittance Address (include point of contact and telephone
number):</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
