<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept xtrc=""
            id="DFARS_252_225_7064"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title rev="Revised May 30, 2024" class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.225-7064</ph> Restriction on Acquisition of Certain Satellite Components.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body concept/conbody ">
         <p rev="Revised May 30, 2024" class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  href="225.7004-7.dita#DFARS_225_7004_7"
                  base="DFARS-225.7004-7"
                  xtrc="225.7004-7"
                  class="- topic/xref ">225.7004-7</xref>(d), use the following clause: </p>
         <p rev="Revised May 30, 2024"
            class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">RESTRICTION ON ACQUISITION OF CERTAIN SATELLITE COMPONENTS (MAY 2024) </p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1" rev="Revised May 30, 2024">(a) Definition. As used in this clause— </p>
         <p rev="Revised May 30, 2024" class="- topic/p ">“Star tracker” means a navigational tool used in a satellite weighing more than 400 pounds whose principal purpose is to support the national security, defense, or intelligence needs of the U.S. Government. </p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1" rev="Revised May 30, 2024">(b) Restriction. In accordance with 10 U.S.C. 4864, a star tracker must be manufactured in the United States, Australia, Canada, New Zealand, or the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (United Kingdom). The Contractor shall deliver under this contract only star trackers manufactured in the United States, Australia, Canada, New Zealand, or the United Kingdom. </p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1" rev="Revised May 30, 2024">(c) Subcontracts. The Contractor shall insert the substance of this clause, including this paragraph (c), in subcontracts for star trackers that exceed the simplified acquisition threshold, including subcontracts for commercial products and commercial services. </p>
         <p rev="Revised May 30, 2024"
            class="- topic/p "
            outputclass="Endofclause">(End of clause) </p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
