<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept id="DFARS_252.228-7007">
      <title rev="Revised March 22, 2023"> 
         <ph props="autonumber">252.228-7007</ph> Public Aircraft and State Aircraft Operations—Liability.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause">
         <p rev="Revised March 22, 2023">As prescribed in 228.371(f), use the following clause:</p>
         <p rev="Revised March 22, 2023" outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">PUBLIC AIRCRAFT AND STATE AIRCRAFT OPERATIONS—LIABILITY (MAR 2023)</p>
         <p rev="Revised March 22, 2023" outputclass="List1">(a) <i>Definitions.</i> As used in this clause—</p>
         <p rev="Revised March 22, 2023"> “Civil aircraft” means an<xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-688838890-427448089&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src="
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"> aircraft </xref>other than a <xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-19462893-365988884&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src=title:49:subtitle:VII:part:A:subpart:i:chapter:401:section:40102"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external">public aircraft or state aircraft</xref>.</p>
         <p rev="Revised March 22, 2023"> “Public aircraft” means an aircraft that meets the definition in 49 U.S.C. 40102(a)(41) and the qualifications in 49 U.S.C. 40125. Specifically, a public aircraft means any of the following:</p>
         <p rev="Revised March 22, 2023" outputclass="List2">(1) An <xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-688838890-427448089&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src="
                  format="html"
                  scope="external">aircraft</xref> used only for the Government, except as provided in paragraphs (5) and (7) of this definition.</p>
         <p rev="Revised March 22, 2023" outputclass="List2">(2) An <xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-688838890-427448089&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src="
                  format="html"
                  scope="external">aircraft</xref> owned by the Government and operated by any<xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-991716523-365988909&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src=title:49:subtitle:VII:part:A:subpart:i:chapter:401:section:40102"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"> person </xref>for purposes related to crew training, equipment development, or demonstration, except as provided in paragraph (7) of this definition.</p>
         <p rev="Revised March 22, 2023" outputclass="List2">(3) An <xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-688838890-427448089&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src="
                  format="html"
                  scope="external">aircraft</xref> owned and operated by the government of a State, the District of Columbia, or a territory or possession of the <xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-2032517217-365988879&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src="
                  format="html"
                  scope="external">United States</xref> or a political subdivision of one of these governments, except as provided in paragraph (7) of this definition.</p>
         <p rev="Revised March 22, 2023" outputclass="List2">(4) An <xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-688838890-427448089&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src="
                  format="html"
                  scope="external">aircraft</xref> exclusively leased for at least 90 continuous days by the government of a State, the District of Columbia, or a territory or possession of the <xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-2032517217-365988879&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src="
                  format="html"
                  scope="external">United States</xref> or a political subdivision of one of these governments, except as provided in paragraph (7) of this definition.</p>
         <p rev="Revised March 22, 2023" outputclass="List2">(5) An <xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-688838890-427448089&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src="
                  format="html"
                  scope="external">aircraft</xref> owned or operated by the armed forces or chartered to provide transportation or <xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-1189179673-365988884&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src=title:49:subtitle:VII:part:A:subpart:i:chapter:401:section:40102"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external">other commercial air service</xref> to the armed forces under the conditions specified by 49 U.S.C. 40125(c). In the preceding sentence, the term “<xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-1189179673-365988884&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src=title:49:subtitle:VII:part:A:subpart:i:chapter:401:section:40102"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external">other commercial air service</xref>” means an<xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-688838890-427448089&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src="
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"> aircraft </xref>operation that—</p>
         <p rev="Revised March 22, 2023" outputclass="List3">(i) Is within the<xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-2032517217-365988879&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src="
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"> United States </xref>territorial airspace;</p>
         <p rev="Revised March 22, 2023" outputclass="List3">(ii) The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration determines is available for compensation or hire to the public; and</p>
         <p rev="Revised March 22, 2023" outputclass="List3">(iii) Must comply with all applicable<xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-950857379-365988972&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src="
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"> civil aircraft </xref>rules under title 14, Code of Federal Regulations.</p>
         <p rev="Revised March 22, 2023" outputclass="List2"> (6) An unmanned <xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-688838890-427448089&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src="
                  format="html"
                  scope="external">aircraft</xref> that is owned and operated, or exclusively leased for at least 90 continuous days, by an Indian Tribal government, as defined in section 102 of the <xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/topn/disaster_relief_act_of_1974"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external">Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act</xref> (<xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/42/5122"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external">42 U.S.C. 5122</xref>), except as provided in paragraph (7) of this definition.</p>
         <p rev="Revised March 22, 2023" outputclass="List2">(7) As described in 49 U.S.C. 40125(b), an <xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-688838890-427448089&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src=title:49:subtitle:VII:part:A:subpart:i:chapter:401:section:40125"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external">aircraft</xref> described in paragraph (1), (2), (3), or (4) of this definition does not qualify as a<xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-19462893-365988884&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src=title:49:subtitle:VII:part:A:subpart:i:chapter:401:section:40125"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"> public aircraft </xref>when the<xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-688838890-427448089&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src=title:49:subtitle:VII:part:A:subpart:i:chapter:401:section:40125"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"> aircraft </xref>is used for<xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-12198101-367419229&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src=title:49:subtitle:VII:part:A:subpart:i:chapter:401:section:40125"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"> commercial purposes </xref>or to carry an individual other than a crewmember or a<xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-247958977-367419227&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src=title:49:subtitle:VII:part:A:subpart:i:chapter:401:section:40125"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"> qualified non-crewmember.</xref>
         </p>
         <p rev="Revised March 22, 2023"> “Public aircraft operation” means operation of an aircraft that meets the legal definition of public aircraft established in 49 U.S.C. 40102(a)(41) and the legal qualifications for public aircraft status outlined in 49 U.S.C. 40125.</p>
         <p rev="Revised March 22, 2023"> “State aircraft” means an aircraft operated by the Government for sovereign, noncommercial purposes such as military, customs, and police services. Military aircraft are afforded status as state aircraft. In very rare circumstances, DoD-contracted aircraft may be designated, in writing, by a responsible Government official pursuant to DoD Directive 4500.54E, DoD Foreign Clearance Program, to be operated in state aircraft status, and such status cannot be deemed without a written designation by an authorized Government official.</p>
         <p rev="Revised March 22, 2023" outputclass="List1">(b) <i>Combined regulation/instruction</i>. Upon award, for contract performance to be conducted as a public aircraft operation, the Contractor shall be bound by the operating procedures contained in the combined regulation/instruction entitled “Contractor’s Flight and Ground Operations” (Air Force Instruction 10-220, Army Regulation 95-20, NAVAIR Instruction 3710.1 (Series), Coast Guard Instruction M13020.3 (Series), and Defense Contract Management Agency Instruction 8210-1 (Series)) in effect on the date of contract award.</p>
         <p rev="Revised March 22, 2023" outputclass="List1">(c) <i>Contractor liability for operations for contract performance conducted as public aircraft operations or state aircraft operations</i>.</p>
         <p rev="Revised March 22, 2023" outputclass="List2">(1) The Contractor assumes responsibility for all damage or injury to persons or property, including the Contractor’s employees and property, and Government personnel and property, occasioned through the use, maintenance, and operation of the Contractor’s aircraft or other equipment by, or the action of, the Contractor or the Contractor’s employees and agents.</p>
         <p rev="Revised March 22, 2023" outputclass="List2">(2) The Contractor, at the Contractor’s expense, shall maintain adequate public liability and property damage insurance, including hull insurance for the Contractor’s aircraft, during the duration of this contract, insuring the Contractor against all claims for injury or damage.</p>
         <p rev="Revised March 22, 2023" outputclass="List2">(3) The Contractor shall maintain workers’ compensation and other legally required insurance with respect to the Contractor’s own employees and agents.</p>
         <p rev="Revised March 22, 2023" outputclass="List2">(4) The Government will in no event be liable or responsible for damage or injury to any person or property occasioned through the use, maintenance, or operation of any aircraft or other equipment by, or the action of, the Contractor or the Contractor’s employees and agents in performing under this contract, and the Government shall be indemnified and saved harmless against claims for damage or injury in such cases.</p>
         <p rev="Revised March 22, 2023" outputclass="Endofclause">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
