<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.219-7004"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.219-7004</ph> Small Business Subcontracting Plan (Test Program).</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-219.708"
                  href="219.708.dita#DFARS_219.708">219.708</xref>
            (b)(1)(B), use the following clause:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (TEST PROGRAM) (MAY 2019)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definitions. </i>  As used in this clause—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Covered small business concern” means a small business concern, veteran-owned small business concern, service-disabled veteran-owned small business concern, HUBZone small business concern, women-owned small business concern, or small disadvantaged business concern, as these terms are defined in FAR 2.101.</p>
         <p outputclass="pbody" class="- topic/p ">“Electronic Subcontracting Reporting System (eSRS)” means the Governmentwide, electronic, web-based system for small business subcontracting program reporting.  The eSRS is located at http://www.esrs.gov. </p>
         <p outputclass="pbody" class="- topic/p ">“Failure to make a good faith effort to comply with a comprehensive subcontracting plan” means a willful or intentional failure to perform in accordance with the requirements of the Contractor’s approved comprehensive subcontracting plan or willful or intentional action to frustrate the plan.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Subcontract” means any agreement (other than one involving an employer-employee relationship) entered into by a Federal Government prime Contractor or subcontractor calling for supplies or services required for performance of the contract or subcontract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Test Program</i>.  The Contractor’s comprehensive small business subcontracting plan and its successors, which are authorized by and approved under the Test Program of 15 U.S.C. 637 note, as amended, shall be included in and made a part of this contract.  Upon expulsion from the Test Program or expiration of the Test Program, the Contractor shall negotiate an individual subcontracting plan for all future contracts that meet the requirements of 15 U.S.C. 637(d).</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Eligibility requirements.  </i>To become and remain eligible to participate in the Test Program, a business concern is required to have furnished supplies or services (including construction) under at least three DoD contracts during the preceding fiscal year, having an aggregate value of at least $100 million.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Reports.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  The Contractor shall report semiannually for the 6-month periods ending March 31 and September 30, the information in paragraphs (d)(1)(i) through (v) of this section within 30 days after the end of the reporting period.  Submit the report at https://www.esrs.gov.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  A list of contracts covered under its comprehensive small business subcontracting plan, to include the Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) code and unique entity identifier.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  The amount of first-tier subcontract dollars awarded during the 6-month period covered by the report to covered small business concerns, with the information  set forth separately by—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  Major defense acquisition program, as defined in 10 U.S.C. 2430(a);</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C)  Contract number, if the contract is for maintenance, overhaul, repair, servicing, rehabilitation, salvage, modernization, or modification of supplies, systems, or equipment, and the total value of the contract, including options, exceeds $100 million; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D)  Military department.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii)  Total number of subcontracts active under the Test Program that would have otherwise required a subcontracting plan.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv)  Costs incurred in negotiating, complying with, and reporting on its comprehensive subcontracting plan.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(v)  Costs avoided through the use of a comprehensive subcontracting plan.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  The Contractor shall—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  Ensure that subcontractors with subcontracting plans agree to submit an Individual Subcontract Report (ISR) and/or Summary Subcontract Report (SSR) using the Electronic Subcontracting Reporting System (eSRS).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  Provide its contract number, its unique entity identifier, and the email address of the Contractor’s official responsible for acknowledging or rejecting the ISR to all first-tier subcontractors, who will be required to submit ISRs, so they can enter this information into the eSRS when submitting their reports.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii)  Require that each subcontractor with a subcontracting plan provide the prime contract number, its own unique entity identifier, and the email address of the subcontractor’s official responsible for acknowledging or rejecting the ISRs to its subcontractors with subcontracting plans who will be required to submit ISRs.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv)  Acknowledge receipt or reject all ISRs submitted by its subcontractors using eSRS.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  The Contractor shall submit SSRs using eSRS at http://www.esrs.gov.  The reports shall provide information on subcontract awards to small business concerns, veteran-owned small business concerns, service-disabled veteran-owned small business concerns, HUBZone small business concerns, small disadvantaged business concerns, and women-owned small business concerns.  Purchases from a corporation, company, or subdivision that is an affiliate of the prime Contractor or subcontractor are not included in these reports.  Subcontract award data reported by prime contractors and subcontractors shall be limited to awards made to their immediate next-tier subcontractors.  Credit cannot be taken for awards made to lower-tier subcontractors unless the Contractor or subcontractor has been designated to receive a small business or small disadvantaged business credit from a member firm of the Alaska Native Corporations or an Indian tribe.  Only subcontracts involving performance in the U.S. or its outlying areas should be included in these reports.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  This report may be submitted on a corporate, company, or subdivision (e.g., plant or division operating as a separate profit center) basis, as negotiated in the comprehensive subcontracting plan with the Defense Contract Management Agency.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  This report encompasses all subcontracting under prime contracts and subcontracts with the Department of Defense, regardless of the dollar value of the subcontracts, and is based on the negotiated comprehensive subcontracting plan. </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii)  The report shall be submitted semi-annually for the six months ending March 31 and the twelve months ending September 30.   Reports are due 30 days after the close of each reporting period.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv)  The authority to acknowledge receipt of or reject the SSR resides with the Defense Contract Management Agency.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Failure to comply</i>.  The failure of the Contractor or subcontractor to comply in good faith with the clause of this contract entitled “Utilization of Small Business Concerns,” or an approved plan required by this clause, shall be a material breach of the contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(f)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Liquidated damages.</i>  The Contracting Officer designated to manage the comprehensive subcontracting plan will exercise the functions of the Contracting Officer, as identified in paragraphs (f)(1) through (4) of this clause, on behalf of all DoD departments and agencies that awarded contracts covered by the Contractor’s comprehensive subcontracting plan.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  To determine the need for liquidated damages, the Contracting Officer will conduct a compliance review during the fiscal year after the close of the fiscal year for which the plan is applicable.  The Contracting Officer will compare the approved percentage or dollar goals to the total, actual subcontracting dollars covered by the plan.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  If the Contractor has failed to meet its approved subcontracting goal(s), the Contracting Officer will provide the Contractor written notice specifying the failure, advising of the potential for assessment of liquidated damages, and permitting the Contractor to demonstrate what good faith efforts have been made.  The Contracting Officer may take the Contractor’s failure to respond to the notice within 15 working days (or longer period at the Contracting Officer’s discretion) as an admission that no valid explanation exists.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  If, after consideration of all relevant information, the Contracting Officer determines that the Contractor failed to make a good faith effort to comply with the comprehensive subcontracting plan, the Contracting Officer will issue a final decision to the Contractor to that effect and require the Contractor to pay liquidated damages to the Government in the amount identified in the comprehensive subcontracting plan.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4)  The Contractor shall have the right of appeal under the clause in this contract entitled “Disputes” from any final decision of the Contracting Officer.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(g)  Subcontracts.  The Contractor shall include in subcontracts that offer subcontracting opportunities, are expected to exceed the applicable threshold specified in FAR 19.702(a) on the date of subcontract award, and are required to include the clause at FAR 52.219-8, Utilization of Small Business Concerns, the clauses at—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  FAR 52.219-9, Small Business Subcontracting Plan, and Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="i1381740"
                  href="252.219-7003.dita#DFARS_252.219-7003">252.219-7003</xref>
            , Small Business Subcontracting Plan (DoD Contracts)–Basic;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  FAR 52.219-9, Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with its Alternate III, and DFARS 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="i1381740"
                  href="252.219-7003.dita#DFARS_252.219-7003">252.219-7003</xref>
            , Small Business Subcontracting Plan (DoD Contracts)–Alternate I, to allow for submission of SF 294s in lieu of ISRs; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  DFARS 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="i1381757"
                  href="252.219-7004.dita#DFARS_252.219-7004">252.219-7004</xref>
            , Small Business Subcontracting Plan (Test Program), in subcontracts with subcontractors that participate in the Test Program described in DFARS 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="i1378572"
                  href="219.702-70.dita#DFARS_219.702-70">219.702-70</xref>
            .</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
