<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-252.225-7031"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.225-7031</ph> Secondary Arab Boycott of Israel.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="provision" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-225.7605"
                  href="225.7605.dita#DFARS-225.7605">225.7605</xref>
            , use the following provision:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">SECONDARY ARAB BOYCOTT OF ISRAEL (JUN 2005)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definitions.  </i>As used in this provision—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  “Foreign person” means any person (including any individual, partnership, corporation, or other form of association) other than a United States person.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  “United States” means the 50 States, the District of Columbia, outlying areas, and the outer Continental Shelf as defined in 43 U.S.C. 1331.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  “United States person” is defined in 50 U.S.C. App. 2415(2) and means—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  Any United States resident or national (other than an individual resident outside the United States who is employed by other than a United States person);</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  Any domestic concern (including any permanent domestic establishment of any foreign concern); and </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii)  Any foreign subsidiary or affiliate (including any permanent foreign establishment) of any domestic concern that is controlled in fact by such domestic concern.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Certification</i>.  If the offeror is a foreign person, the offeror certifies, by submission of an offer, that it—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Does not comply with the Secondary Arab Boycott of Israel; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Is not taking or knowingly agreeing to take any action, with respect to the Secondary Boycott of Israel by Arab countries, which 50 U.S.C. App. 2407(a) prohibits a United States person from taking.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofprovision" class="- topic/p ">(End of provision)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
