<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.223-7009"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title "> 
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.223-7009</ph> Prohibition of Procurement of Fluorinated Aqueous Film-Forming Foam Fire-Fighting Agent for Use on Military Installations.</title>
      <conbody outputclass="clause" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p>As prescribed in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" href="223.7404.dita">223.7404</xref>, use the following clause: </p>
         <p outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">PROHIBITION OF PROCUREMENT OF FLUORINATED AQUEOUS FILM-FORMING FOAM FIRE-FIGHTING AGENT FOR USE ON MILITARY INSTALLATIONS (OCT 2023)</p>
         <p> (a) Definitions. As used in this clause, “perfluoroalkyl substances” and “polyfluoroalkyl substances” have the meanings given in section 322(f) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Pub. L. 116-92).</p>
         <p> (b) Prohibition. The Contractor shall not provide or use under this contract any aqueous film-forming foam fire-fighting agent that contains perfluoroalkyl substances or polyfluoroalkyl substances in excess of one part per billion.</p>
         <p> (c) Subcontracts. The Contractor shall include the substance of this clause, including this paragraph (c), in all subcontracts, including subcontracts for commercial products and commercial services, relating to fire-fighting on a military installation.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
