<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_253.209-1"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">253.209-1</ph> Responsible prospective contractors.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">SF 1403, Preaward Survey of Prospective Contractor (General).</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  The factors in Section III, Block 19, generally mean—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Technical Capability.  </i>An assessment of the prospective contractor's key management personnel to determine if they have the basic technical knowledge, experience, and understanding of the requirements necessary to produce the required product or provide the required service.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Production Capability.  </i>An evaluation of the prospective contractor's ability to plan, control, and integrate manpower, facilities, and other resources necessary for successful contract completion.  This includes—</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(1)</i>  An assessment of the prospective contractor's possession of, or the ability to acquire, the necessary facilities, material, equipment, and labor; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(2)  </i>A determination that the prospective contractor's system provides for timely placement of orders and for vendor follow-up and control.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Quality Assurance Capability.  </i>An assessment of the prospective contractor's capability to meet the quality assurance requirements of the proposed contract.  It may involve an evaluation of the prospective contractor's quality assurance system, personnel, facilities, and equipment.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Financial Capability.  </i>A determination that the prospective contractor has or can get adequate financial resources to obtain needed facilities, equipment, materials, etc.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(E)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accounting System and Related Internal Controls.  </i>An assessment by the auditor of the adequacy of the prospective contractor's accounting system and related internal controls as defined in 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-242.7501"
                  href="242.7501.dita#DFARS_242.7501">242.7501</xref>
            , Definition.  Normally, a contracting officer will request an accounting system review when soliciting and awarding cost-reimbursement or incentive type contracts, or contracts which provide for progress payments based on costs or on a percentage or stage of completion.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  The factors in Section III, Block 20, generally mean—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Government Property Control.  </i>An assessment of the prospective contractor's capability to manage and control Government property.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Transportation.  </i>An assessment of the prospective contractor's capability to follow the laws and regulations applicable to the movement of Government material, or overweight, oversized, hazardous cargo, etc.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Packaging.  </i>An assessment of the prospective contractor's ability to meet all contractual packaging requirements including preservation, unit pack, packing, marking, and unitizing for shipment.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Security Clearance.  </i>A determination that the prospective contractor's facility security clearance is adequate and current.  (When checked, the surveying activity will refer this factor to the Defense Security Service (DSS)).</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(E)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Plant Safety.  </i>An assessment of the prospective contractor's ability to meet the safety requirements in the solicitation.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(F)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Environmental/Energy Consideration.</i>An evaluation of the prospective contractor's ability to meet specific environmental and energy requirements in the solicitation.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(G)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Flight Operations and Flight Safety.</i>An evaluation of the prospective contractor's ability to meet flight operation and flight safety requirements on solicitations involving the overhaul and repair of aircraft.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(H)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Other.  </i>If the contracting officer wants an assessment of other than major factors A-E and other factors A-G, check this factor.  Explain the desired information in the Remarks sections.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
