<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_3-303.3" outputclass="5" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
      <title>
         <ph props="autonumber">3-303.3</ph> Data completion phase (steps 15-21).</title>
      <conbody>
         <p outputclass="List1">(a) The data completion phase involves acquiring or developing the missing elements of information to reach a determination on both adequacy of the technical data package and the restriction of rights to data. It may involve various functional responsibilities, such as examination of past contracts, queries directed to industry or to other Government agencies, inspection of the part, reverse or other engineering work to develop drawings and write specifications, arrangements with the present source for licensing or technical assistance to new manufacturers, and negotiations for purchase of rights to data. Additional research and information requests should be expeditiously initiated on those parts where there is a reasonable expectation of breakout. Because this phase is time-consuming, it should take place concurrently with other phases of the review.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(b) At the beginning of the data completion phase, the part falls into one of the following four steps:</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) <i>Step 15.</i> The data package is complete and adequate and the Government has sufficient rights for acquisition purposes. Such parts require no further data analysis. Proceed to step 22.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2) <i>Step 16.</i> The Government has rights to existing data. The data package is incomplete but there is a reasonable expectation that the missing elements can be supplied. Proceed to step 19.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(3) <i>Step 17.</i> The data package is complete, but suitable Government rights to the data have not been established. Proceed to step 20.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(4) <i>Step 18.</i> Neither rights nor completeness of data is adequately established; therefore, the part requires further research. Proceed to step 20.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(c) <i>Step 19.</i> Obtain or develop the necessary data for a suitable data package. Reverse engineering to develop acquisition data may be used if there is a clear indication that the costs of reverse engineering will be less than the savings anticipated from competitive acquisition. If there is a choice between reverse engineering and the purchase of data (step 21), the decision shall be made on the basis of relative costs, quality, time, and other pertinent factors.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(d) <i>Step 20.</i> Establish the Government's and contractor's rights to the data. Where drawings and data cannot be identified to a contract, the following guidelines should be applied:</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) Where drawings and data bear legends that warn of copyright or patent rights, the effect of such legends shall be resolved according to law and policy; however, the existence of patent or copyright restrictions does not per se preclude securing competition with respect to the parts described (see FAR Subpart 27.3/DFARS Subpart 227.3).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2) If the technical data bears legends that limit the Government's right to use the data for breakout and it is determined that reasonable grounds exist to question the current validity of the restrictive markings, the contracting officer will be notified to initiate the validation procedures at DFARS Subpart 227.4.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(3) Where drawings and data are unmarked and, therefore, free of limitation on their use, they shall be considered available for use in acquisition, unless the acquiring office has clear evidence to the contrary (see DFARS Subpart 227.4).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(4) The decision process in situations described in paragraphs (d)(1), (2), and (3) of this subsection requires the exercise of sound discretion and judgment and embraces legal considerations. In no case shall a decision be made without review and approval of that decision by legal counsel.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(5) If the validation procedures in paragraph (d)(2) of this subsection establish the Government's right to use the data for breakout, the Government shall attempt to obtain competition pursuant to the decisions resulting from concurrent technical and economic evaluation.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(e) <i>Step 21.</i> If restrictions on the use of data are established, determine whether the Government can buy rights to the required data. Use the procedure in DFARS Subpart 227.4.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
