<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-PGI_3-304"
            outputclass="4"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">3-304</ph> Limited screening procedures.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) Limited screening procedures are only appropriate when the full screening process cannot be completed for a part in sufficient time to support an immediate buy requirement. If limited screening does not result in a competitive AMC and the part is characterized by a high buy value and high buy quantity in the annual buy forecast, full screening procedures shall be immediately initiated.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) Limited screening procedures cover only the essential points of data and technical evaluations more completely described in full screening procedures (see 3-303). Extensive legal review of rights or technical review of data is not required; nor is backup information on type and extent of qualification testing, quality control procedures and master tooling required. A summary flow chart of the limited screening decision steps is provided at Exhibit III.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) The limited screening decision steps are followed sequentially if the answer to the question in each step is affirmative. If any step is answered in the negative, proceed directly to step 10.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Step 1</i>. Assemble all available data and establish a file for each part. Collect identification data, relevant data obtained from industry, contracting and technical history data and current status of the part (see 3-303.1).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Step 2</i>. Do the available documents establish Government rights to use the data for acquisition purposes? If the Government's rights to use data in its possession is questionable, resolution of the rights must continue beyond award of the immediate buy.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Step 3</i>. Is the data package sufficient, accurate, and legible? If the Government does not have in its possession sufficient, accurate, or legible data, action shall be promptly initiated to resolve the deficiency for the next buy.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Step 4</i>. Is the design of the part stable over the anticipated acquisition lead time?</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Step 5</i>. Is a satisfactory part now being produced?</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Step 6</i>. Can the part be acquired from a new source without prior qualification testing or other approval testing?</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(7) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Step 7</i>. Can the Government or a new source be responsible for quality assurance?</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(8) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Step 8</i>. Can the part be manufactured without master or coordinated tooling or other special equipment; if no, is there more than one source that has the tooling or special equipment?</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(9) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Step 9</i>. Assign AMC 2. Proceed to step 11.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(10) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Step 10</i>. Assign AMC 3, 4, or 5, as appropriate.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(11) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Step 11</i>. Establish the date of the next review (see 1-104(c) and 2-203(b)).</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
