<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="id2064F0S0NLG" outputclass="3" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
      <title>
         <ph props="autonumber">F-101</ph> General.</title>
      <conbody id="i1003865">
         <p outputclass="List1">(a) This appendix contains procedures and instructions for the use, preparation, and distribution of the Wide Area Work Flow (WAWF) Receiving Report (RR), WAWF Reparable Receiving Report (WAWF RRR), the WAWF Energy RR, and commercial shipping/packing lists used to document Government contract quality assurance. The WAWF RR is the electronic equivalent of the DD Form 250, Material Inspectio<?FM MARKER [Cross-Ref] _GoBack?>n and Receiving Report (MIRR). The WAWF Energy RR is the electronic equivalent of the DD Form 250 for overland shipments and DD Form 250-1, Tanker/Barge Material Inspection and Receiving Report, for waterborne shipments. The WAWF RRR is the electronic equivalent of the DD Form 250 for repair, maintenance, or overhaul of Government-furnished property.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(b) The use of the DD Form 250 series documents is on an exception basis (see DFARS (a)) because use of the WAWF RR is now required by most DoD contracts. WAWF provides for electronic preparation and documentation of acceptance of supplies and services, and electronic invoicing. In addition WAWF allows the printing of a RR that can be used as a packing list or when a signed copy is required.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
