<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="id2064F0S0N7X"
            outputclass="3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">F-104</ph> Application.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) WAWF RR and DD Form 250.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Use the WAWF RR or DD Form 250 for delivery of contract line, subline, exhibit line, or exhibit subline items. Do not use the WAWF RR or DD Form 250 for those exhibit line or exhibit subline items on a DD Form 1423, Contract Data Requirements List, that indicate no DD Form 250 is required.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) If the shipped to, marked for, shipped from, mode of shipment, contract quality assurance and acceptance data are the same for more than one shipment made on the same day under the same contract, contractors may prepare one WAWF RR or DD Form 250 to cover all such shipments.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) If the volume of the shipment precludes the use of a single car, truck, or other vehicle, prepare a separate WAWF RR or DD Form 250 for the contents of each vehicle.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) When a shipment is consigned to an Air Force activity and the shipment includes items of more than one Federal supply class (FSC) or material management code (MMC), prepare a separate WAWF RR or DD Form 250 for items of each of the FSCs or MMCs in the shipment. However, the cognizant Government representative may authorize a single WAWF RR or DD Form 250, listing each of the FSCs or MMCs included in the shipment on a separate continuation sheet. The MMC appears as a suffix to the national stock number applicable to the item.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5) Consolidation of Petroleum Shipments on a Single WAWF RR or DD Form 250.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Contiguous United States. Contractors may consolidate multiple car or truck load shipments of petroleum made on the same day, to the same destination, against the same contract line item, on one WAWF RR or DD Form 250. To permit verification of motor deliveries, assign each load a load number which can be identified to the shipment number in Block 2 of the DD Form 250. Include a shipping document (commercial or Government) with each individual load showing as a minimum—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) The shipper;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Shipping point;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) Consignee;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D) Contract and line item number;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(E) Product identification;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(F) Gross gallons (bulk only);</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(G) Loading temperature (bulk only);</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(H) American Petroleum Institute gravity (bulk only);</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(I) Identification of carrier's equipment;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(J) Serial number of all seals applied; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(K) Signature of supplier's representative.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">When acceptance is at destination, the receiving activity retains the shipping document(s) to verify the entries on the consignee copy of the DD Form 250 forwarded by the contractor (reference F-401, Table 1) before signing Block 21b.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Overseas. The same criteria as for contiguous United States applies, except the consolidation period may be extended, if acceptable to the receiving activity, shipping activity, Government finance office, and the authorized Government representative having cognizance at the contractor's facility. In addition, the contractor may include more than one contract line item in each WAWF RR or DD Form 250 if the shipped to, marked for, shipped from, mode of shipment, contract quality assurance, and acceptance data are the same for all line items.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6) Consolidation of Coal Shipments on a Single WAWF RR or DD 250. Contractors may consolidate multiple railcar or truck shipments of coal made on the same day, to the same destination, against the same contract line items, on one WAWF RR or DD 250. To permit verification of truck deliveries, assign each load a load number which can be identified to the shipment number in Block 2 of the DD Form 250 and the analytical test report. Include a commercial shipping document with each individual truck load showing as a minimum—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) The shipper;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) The name or names;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Location and shipping point of the mine or mines from which the coal originates;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) The contract number;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(v) The exact size of the coal shipped; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vi) A certified weighmaster's certification of weight for the truckload.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">Include a waybill with each rail shipment showing the identical information. To permit verification of rail deliveries, identify each railcar number comprising the shipment to the shipment number in Block 2 of the DD Form 250 and the analytical test report. When acceptance is at destination, the receiving activity must retain the shipping document(s) to verify the entries on the consignee copy of the DD Form 250.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) WAWF RRR or DD Form 250. Use as in paragraph (a) of this section for delivery of services for repair, overhaul, or maintenance.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) WAWF Energy RR or the DD Form 250-1.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Use a separate form for each tanker or barge cargo loaded.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) The contractor may report more than one barge in the same tow on a single form if on the same contract and consigned to the same destination.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) When liftings involve more than one contract, prepare separate forms to cover the portion of cargo loaded on each contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) Prepare a separate form for each product or grade of product loaded.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5) Use a separate document for each tanker or barge cargo and each grade of product discharged.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6) For discharge, the contractor may report more than one barge in the same tow on a single form if from the same loading source.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
