<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_SUBPART_APPENDIX_H_H_104" outputclass="3" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">H-104</ph> Fact-finding.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) The debarring and suspending official will determine whether the contractor’s presentation has raised a genuine dispute of material fact(s). If the debarring and suspending official has decided against debarment or continued suspension, or the provisions of FAR 9.4 preclude fact-finding, no fact-finding will be conducted. If the debarring and suspending official has determined a genuine dispute of material fact(s) exists, a designated fact-finder will conduct the fact-finding proceeding. The proceeding before the fact-finder will be limited to a finding of the facts in dispute as determined by the debarring and suspending official.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) The designated fact-finder will establish the date for a fact-finding proceeding, normally to be held within 45 working days of the contractor’s presentation of matters in opposition. An official record will be made of the fact-finding proceeding.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) The Government’s representative and the contractor will have an opportunity to present evidence relevant to the facts at issue. The contractor may appear in person or through a representative in the fact-finding proceeding.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d) Neither the Federal Rules of Evidence nor the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure govern fact-finding. Hearsay evidence may be presented and will be given appropriate weight by the fact-finder.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e) Witnesses may testify in person. Witnesses will be reminded of the official nature of the proceeding and that any false testimony given is subject to criminal prosecution. Witnesses are subject to cross-examination.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
