<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="id2064F0S0N2Y"
            outputclass="3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">F-306</ph> Packing list instructions.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) Contractors may use a WAWF processed RR or the WAWF RRR, as a packing list. WAWF provides an option to print the RR or RRR. Contractors can print a RR or RRR from a system other than WAWF if a signed copy is required. In such cases, the contractor shall print the WAWF RR or RRR only after a signature is applied by the Government inspector or authorized acceptor in WAWF. Copies printed from the contractor’s system shall be annotated with “\\original signed in WAWF\\” in lieu of the inspector or acceptor’s signature. Ensure a copy is visible on the outside and one is placed inside the package.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) If the contract requires Government source inspection and acceptance at origin, the contractor shall ensure that its packaging documentation includes a RR or RRR that documents inspection, acceptance, or both by the Government inspector or authorized acceptor. A paper DD Form 250 may be used in lieu of WAWF generated RRs or RRRs when one of the exceptions in paragraph (d) of the clause at DFARS <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-252.232-7003"
                  href="252.232-7003.dita#DFARS_252.232-7003">252.232-7003</xref> applies.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
