<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="id2064F0S0OKP"
            outputclass="3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">H-103</ph>Presentation of matters in opposition.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) In accordance with FAR 9.406-3(c) and 9.407-3(c), matters in opposition may be presented in person, in writing, or through a representative. Matters in opposition may be presented through any combination of the foregoing methods, but if a contractor desires to present matters in person or through a representative, any written material should be delivered at least 5 working days in advance of the presentation. Usually, all matters in opposition are presented in a single proceeding. A contractor who becomes aware of a pending indictment or allegations of wrongdoing that the contractor believes may lead to suspension or debarment action may contact the debarring and suspending official or designee to provide information as to the contractor’s present responsibility.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) An in-person presentation is an informal meeting, nonadversarial in nature. The debarring and suspending official and/or other agency representatives may ask questions of the contractor or its representative making the presentation. The contractor may select the individuals who will attend the meeting on the contractor’s behalf; individual respondents or principals of a business firm respondent may attend and speak for themselves.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) In accordance with FAR 9.406-3(c) and 9.407-3(c), the contractor may submit matters in opposition within 30 days from receipt of the notice of suspension or proposed debarment.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d) The opportunity to present matters in opposition to debarment includes the opportunity to present matters concerning the duration of the debarment.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
