<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="id2064F0S0N3N"
            outputclass="3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">F-103</ph> Use.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) The WAWF RR, WAWF RRR, and the DD Form 250 are multipurpose reports used—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) To provide evidence of Government contract quality assurance at origin or destination;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) To provide evidence of acceptance at origin, destination, or other;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) For packing lists;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) For receiving;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5) For shipping;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6) As a contractor invoice (the WAWF RR, WAWF RRR, or DD Form 250 alone cannot be used as an invoice, however the option exists to create an invoice from the Receiving Report or a Combo (Invoice and Receiving Report) both of which minimize data entry); and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(7) As commercial invoice support.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) Do not use the WAWF RR, WAWF RRR, or the DD Form 250 for shipments—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) By subcontractors, unless the subcontractor is shipping directly to the Government; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Of contract inventory. The WAWF Property Transfer document should be used for this type of shipment. Training for the preparation of this document type is available at https://wawftraining.eb.mil, under the Property Transfer and Receipt section.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) The contractor prepares the WAWF RR, WAWF RRR, or the DD Form 250, except for entries that an authorized Government representative is required to complete. When using a paper DD Form 250, the contractor shall furnish sufficient copies of the completed form, as directed by the Government representative.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d) Use the WAWF Energy RR or the DD Form 250-1:</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) For bulk movements of petroleum products by tanker or barge to cover—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Origin or destination acceptance of cargo; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Shipment or receipt of Government owned products.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) To send quality data to the point of acceptance in the case of origin inspection on FOB destination deliveries or preinspection at product source. Annotate the forms with the words “INSPECTED FOR QUALITY ONLY.”</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e) In addition to the above uses, the WAWF RR and WAWF RRR provide additional functionality, not provided by the paper DD Form 250 that complies with the following requirements:</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Item Unique Identification (IUID), when the clause at DFARS , Item Unique Identification and Valuation is used in the contract, reporting of IUID data is required. WAWF captures the IUID data and forwards the data to the IUID registry after acceptance. WAWF shall be used to report Unique Item Identifiers (UIIs) at the line item level, unless an exception to WAWF applies, and can also be used to report UIIs embedded at the line item level.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Radio Frequency Identification (RFID), when the clause at DFARS , Radio Frequency Identification, is used in the contract, WAWF will capture the RFID information and forward the data to the receiving location. Using WAWF is the only way a contractor can comply with the clause to furnish RFID data via an Advance Shipping Notice (ASN). The RFID information may be added at time of submission, or via the WAWF Pack Later functionality after acceptance.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) Reporting of Government-furnished property, when the clause at DFARS , Reporting of Government-Furnished Property, is used in the contract, use of the WAWF RRR will capture the shipment of Government-furnished property items after acceptance of repair services and forward the data to the IUID registry. WAWF is the only way a contractor can report the transfer of Government-furnished property items in the IUID registry.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
