<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="id2064F0S0OAZ"
            outputclass="3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">I-105</ph>Mentor approval process.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) An entity seeking to participate as a mentor must apply to the cognizant Component Director, SBP, to establish its initial eligibility as a mentor. This application may accompany its initial mentor-protege agreement.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) The application must provide the following information:</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) A statement that the entity meets the requirements in I-102(a), specifying the criteria in I-102(a)(3) under which the entity is applying.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) A summary of the entity’s historical and recent activities and accomplishments under its small and disadvantaged business utilization program.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) The total dollar amount of DoD contracts and subcontracts that the entity received during the 2 preceding fiscal years. (Show prime contracts and subcontracts separately per year.)</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) The total dollar amount of all other Federal agency contracts and subcontracts that the entity received during the 2 preceding fiscal years. (Show prime contracts and subcontracts separately per year.)</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5) The total dollar amount of subcontracts that the entity awarded under DoD contracts during the 2 preceding fiscal years.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6) The total dollar amount of subcontracts that the entity awarded under all other Federal agency contracts during the 2 preceding fiscal years.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(7) The total dollar amount and percentage of subcontracts that the entity awarded to firms qualifying under I-102(b)(5)(i) through (vii) during the 2 preceding fiscal years. (Show DoD subcontract awards separately.) If the entity was required to submit a Summary Subcontract Report (SSR) in the Electronic Subcontracting Reporting System, the request must include copies of the final reports for the 2 preceding fiscal years.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(8) Information on the company’s ability to provide developmental assistance to its eligible proteges.</p>
         <p id="i1016745" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) A template of the mentor application is available at<?FM MARKER [Cross-Ref] OLE_LINK6?><?FM MARKER [Cross-Ref] OLE_LINK5?>: http://www.acq.osd.mil/osbp/sb/programs/mpp/resources.shtml.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d) Companies that apply for participation and are not approved will be provided the reasons and an opportunity to submit additional information for reconsideration.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
