<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="id2064F0S0NJ9"
            outputclass="3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">F-406</ph>Invoice instructions.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) Contractors shall submit payment requests and receiving reports in electronic form, unless an exception in DFARS <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-232.7002"
                  href="232.7002.dita#DFARS-232.7002">232.7002</xref> applies. Contractor submission of the material inspection and receiving information required by this appendix by using the WAWF electronic form (see paragraph (b) of the clause at DFARS <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-252.232-7003"
                  href="252.232-7003.dita#DFARS-252.232-7003">252.232-7003</xref>) fulfills the requirement for an MIRR.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) If the contracting officer authorizes the contractor to submit an invoice in paper form, the Government encourages, but does not require, the contractor to use the MIRR as an invoice, in lieu of a commercial form. If commercial forms are used, identify the related MIRR shipment number(s) on the form. If using the MIRR as an invoice, prepare the MIRR and forward the required number of copies to the payment office as follows:</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Complete Blocks 5, 6, 19, and 20. Block 6 shall contain the invoice number and date. Column 20 shall be totaled.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Mark in letters approximately one inch high, first copy: “ORIGINAL INVOICE,” for all invoice submissions; and three copies: “INVOICE COPY,” when the payment office requires four copies. Questions regarding the appropriate number of copies (i.e., one or four) should be directed to the applicable payment office.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) Forward the appropriate number of copies to the payment office (Block 12 address), except when acceptance is at destination and a Navy finance office will make payment, forward to destination.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p "/>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) Separate the copies of the MIRR used as an invoice from the copies of the MIRR used as a receiving report.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
