<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="id2064F0S0OC4"
            outputclass="3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">F-701</ph>Instructions.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">Prepare the DD Form 250-1 using the following instructions when applied to a tanker or barge discharge. If space is limited, use abbreviations. The block numbers correspond to those on the form.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) Block 1—TANKER/BARGE. Line out “TANKER” or “BARGE” as applicable and place an “X” to enter discharge report.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) Block 2—INSPECTION OFFICE. Enter Government activity performing inspection on the cargo received.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) Block 3—REPORT NO. Leave blank.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d) Block 4—AGENCY PLACING ORDER ON SHIPPER, CITY, STATE AND/OR LOCAL ADDRESS (LOADING). Enter Government agency shown on loading report.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e) Block 5—DEPARTMENT. Enter Department owning product being received.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(f) Block 6—PRIME CONTRACT OR P.O. NO. Enter the contract or purchase order number shown on the loading report.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(g) Block 7—NAME OF PRIME CONTRACTOR, CITY, STATE AND/OR LOCAL ADDRESS (LOADING). Enter the name and location of contractor who loaded the cargo.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(h) Block 8—STORAGE CONTRACT. Enter the number of the contract under which material is placed in commercial storage where applicable.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Block 9—TERMINAL OR REFINERY SHIPPED FROM, CITY, STATE AND/OR LOCAL ADDRESS. Enter source of cargo.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(j) Block 10—ORDER NO. ON SUPPLIER. Make same entry appearing on loading report.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(k) Block 11—SHIPPED TO: (RECEIVING ACTIVITY, CITY, STATE AND/OR LOCAL ADDRESS). Enter receiving activity's name and location.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(l) Block 12—B/L NUMBER. Enter as appears on loading report.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(m) Block 13—REQN. OR REQUEST NO. Leave blank.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(n) Block 14—CARGO NO. Enter cargo number shown on loading report.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(o) Block 15—VESSEL. Enter name of tanker or barge discharging cargo.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(p) Block 16—DRAFT ARRIVAL. Enter draft of vessel upon arrival at dock.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(q) Block 17—DRAFT SAILING. Enter draft of vessel after discharging.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(r) Block 18—PREVIOUS TWO CARGOES. Leave blank.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(s) Block 19—PRIOR INSPECTION. Enter the name and location of the Government office which inspected the cargo loading.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(t) Block 20—CONDITION OF SHORE PIPELINE. Enter condition of line (full or empty) before and after discharging.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(u) Block 21—APPROPRIATION (LOADING). Leave blank.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(v) Block 22—CONTRACT ITEM NO. Enter the item number shown on the loading report.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(w) Block 23—PRODUCT. Enter information appearing in Block 23 of the loading report.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(x) Block 24—SPECIFICATIONS. Enter information appearing in Block 24 of the loading report.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(y) Block 25—STATEMENT OF QUANTITY. Enter applicable data in proper columns.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Take “LOADED” figures from the loading report.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Determine quantities discharged from shore tank gauges at destination.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) If a grade of product is discharged at more than one point, calculate the loss or gain for that product by the final discharge point.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">Report amounts previously discharged on discharge reports prepared by the previous discharge points. Transmit volume figures by routine message to the final discharge point in advance of mailed documents to expedite the loss or gain calculation and provide proration data when more than one department is involved.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) The loss or gain percentage shall be entered in the “PERCENT” column followed by “LOSS” or “GAIN,” as applicable.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5) On destination acceptance shipments, accomplish the “DISCHARGED” column only, unless instructed to the contrary.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(z) Block 26—STATEMENT OF QUALITY.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Under the heading “TESTS” enter the verification tests performed on the cargo preparatory to discharge.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Under “SPECIFICATION LIMITS” enter the limits, including authorized departures (if any) appearing on the loading report, for the tests performed.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) Enter the results of tests performed under the heading “TEST RESULTS.”</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(aa) Block 27—TIME STATEMENT. Line out “LOAD” and “LOADING.” Complete all applicable entries of the time statement using local time. Take the dates and times from either the vessel or shore facility log. The Government representative shall ensure that these logs are in agreement with entries used. If the vessel and shore facility logs are not in agreement, the Government representative will explain the reason(s) in Block 28—REMARKS. Do not enter the date and time the vessel left berth on documents placed aboard the vessel. The date and time shall appear on all other copies. Express all dates in sequence of day, month, and year with the month spelled out or abbreviated (e.g., 10 Sept. 67).</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(bb) Block 28—REMARKS. Use this space for reporting important facts such as:</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Delays, their cause, and responsible party (vessel, shore facility, Government representative, or others).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Abnormal individual losses contributing to the total loss. Enter the cause of such losses as well as actual or estimated volumes involved. Such losses shall include, but not be restricted to, product remaining aboard (enter tanks in which contained), spillages, line breaks, etc. Note where gravity group change of receiving tank contents results in a fictitious loss or gain. Note irregularities observed on comparing vessel ullages obtained at loading point with those at the discharge point if they indicate an abnormal transportation loss or contamination.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(cc) Block 29—COMPANY OR RECEIVING TERMINAL. Line out “COMPANY OR.” Secure the signature of a representative of the receiving terminal.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(dd) Block 30—CERTIFICATION BY GOVERNMENT REPRESENTATIVE. Line out “LOADED.” The Government representative shall date and sign the form to certify inspection and acceptance, as applicable, by the Government. The name of the individual signing the certification as well as the names applied in Blocks 29 and 31 shall be typed or hand lettered on the master or all copies of the form. The signature in Block 30 must agree with the typed or lettered name to be acceptable to the paying office.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(ee) Block 31—CERTIFICATION BY MASTER OR AGENT. Obtain the signature of the master of the vessel or the vessel's agent.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
