<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"><concept id="DFARS_PGI_234.201" outputclass="3" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 234.201</ph> Policy.</title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(1)(iii) When the program manager decides to implement earned value management on contracts and subcontracts valued at less than $20,000,000, a cost-benefit analysis shall be conducted and the results documented in the contract file. Considerations for determining the effectiveness of applying earned value management in these situations and guidance for tailoring reporting can be found in—</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List5"> (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) The <ph class="- topic/ph " rev="Revised October 1, 2025"/>
            <xref href="https://www.acq.osd.mil/asda/dpc/api/ipm/docs/ipmdar%20implementation%20and%20tailoring%20guide_stamped.pdf" format="html" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">Integrated Program Management Data Analysis Report (IPMDAR) Implementation &amp; Tailoring Guide</xref>
            <ph class="- topic/ph " rev="Revised October 1, 2025"/>; and</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List5"> (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) <ph class="- topic/ph " rev="Revised October 1, 2025"/>
            <xref href="https://www.acq.osd.mil/asda/dpc/api/ipm/docs%5CDOD%20EVMIG-01-18-2019.pdf" format="html" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">The DoD Earned Value Management Implementation Guide</xref>
            <ph class="- topic/ph " rev="Revised October 1, 2025"/>.</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(iv) In extraordinary cases where cost/schedule visibility is required and cannot be obtained using other means, the program manager shall request a waiver for individual contracts from the Milestone Decision Authority. In these cases, the program manager will conduct a business case analysis that includes rationale as to why a cost or fixed-price incentive contract was not an appropriate contracting vehicle. Considerations for determining the effectiveness of applying earned value management in these situations and guidance for tailoring reporting can be found in—</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List5"> (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) <ph class="- topic/ph " rev="Revised October 1, 2025"/>
            <xref href="https://www.esd.whs.mil/Portals/54/Documents/DD/issuances/dodi/500085p.pdf?ver=2020-08-06-151441-153" format="html" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">DoD Instruction 5000.85, paragraph 3C.3.c.(3)</xref>
            <ph class="- topic/ph " rev="Revised October 1, 2025"/>; and</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List5"> (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) <ph class="- topic/ph " rev="Revised October 1, 2025"/>
            <xref href="https://www.acq.osd.mil/asda/dpc/api/ipm/docs%5CDOD%20EVMIG-01-18-2019.pdf" format="html" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">The DoD Earned Value Management Implementation Guide</xref>
            <ph class="- topic/ph " rev="Revised October 1, 2025"/>.</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> (2) The procuring contracting officer shall obtain the assistance of the administrative contracting officer in determining the adequacy of an earned value management system (EVMS) plan that an offeror proposes for compliance with ANSI/EIA-748, under the provision at DFARS 252.234-7001, Notice of Earned Value Management System. The Government will review and approve the offeror’s EVMS plan before contract award. Instructions for performing EVMS plan reviews can be found at <ph class="- topic/ph " rev="Revised October 1, 2025">https://www.dcma.mil/HQ/EVMS/</ph>.</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(4) Additional guidance on earned value management can be found in—</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List4"> (A) The Guidebook for Earned Value Management System (EVMS) System-Level Surveillance at <ph class="- topic/ph " rev="Revised October 1, 2025">https://www.dcma.mil/HQ/EVMS/</ph>;</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List4"> (B) <ph class="- topic/ph " rev="Revised October 1, 2025"/>
            <xref href="https://www.dcma.mil/Portals/31/Documents/Policy/DCMA_MAN_3101-01.pdf" format="html" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">The Guidebook for Earned Value Management System - Program Analysis</xref>
            <ph class="- topic/ph " rev="Revised October 1, 2025"/>; and</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List4"> (C) <ph class="- topic/ph " rev="Revised October 1, 2025"/>
            <xref href="https://www.acq.osd.mil/asda/dpc/api/ipm/docs/program_managers_guide_to_the_integrated_baseline_review_process.pdf" format="html" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">The Program Managers’ Guide to the Integrated Baseline Review Process (the IBR Guide)</xref>
            <ph class="- topic/ph " rev="Revised October 1, 2025"/>.</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(7) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Disposition of findings</i>.</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(ii) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Initial determination</i>. </p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List4"> (B)(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) Within 30 days of receiving the report, if the contracting officer makes a determination that there is a material weakness, the contracting officer should provide an initial determination of material weaknesses and a copy of the report to the contractor and require the contractor to submit a written response.</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List6">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Evaluation of contractor's response</i>. Within 30 days of receiving the contractor’s response, the contracting officer, in consultation with the auditor or cognizant functional specialist, should evaluate the contractor’s response and make a final determination. </p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3"> (iii) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Fina</i><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">l determination</i>.</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List4"> (B)(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Monitoring contractors’ corrective action</i>. The contracting officer and cognizant functional specialist or auditor shall monitor the contractor's progress in correcting material weaknesses and deficiencies. If the contractor fails to make adequate progress, the contracting officer shall take whatever action is necessary to ensure that the contractor corrects the weaknesses and deficiencies. Actions the contracting officer may take include: withdraw or withhold approval of the system; bringing the issue to the attention of higher level management<xref href="http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/dfars/html/current/252242.htm#252.242-7005" format="html" scope="external" class="- topic/xref "/> , as applicable; recommending non-award of potential contracts; and for material weaknesses, implementing or increasing the withholding in accordance with <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" href="252.242-7005.dita#DFARS_252.242-7005" base="DFARS-252.242-7005" xtrc="252.242-7005" class="- topic/xref ">252.242-7005</xref>, Contractor Business Systems. </p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List5"> (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Correction of </i>
            material weaknesses.</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List7"> (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">i</i>) When the contractor notifies the contracting officer that the contractor has corrected the material weaknesses, the contracting officer shall request the cognizant functional specialist or auditor to review the correction to determine if the weaknesses and deficiencies have been resolved.</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List6"> (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ii</i>) The contracting officer shall determine if the contractor has corrected the weaknesses and deficiencies.</p><p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List6"> (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">iii</i>) If the contracting officer determines the contractor has corrected the weaknesses and deficiencies, send the contracting officer's notification to the cognizant functional specialist; auditor; payment office; appropriate action officers responsible for reporting past performance at the requiring activities; and each contracting and contract administration office having substantial business with the contractor as applicable.</p></conbody></concept></dita>