<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_236.602-1"
            outputclass="4"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 236.602-1</ph> Selection criteria.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) The evaluation criteria should be project specific. Use the information in the DD Form 1391, FY__ Military Construction Project Data, when available, and other pertinent project data in preparing the evaluation criteria.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) Use performance evaluation data from the Contractor Performance Assessment Report System (CPARS).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6) The primary factor in architect-engineer contractor selection is the determination of the most highly qualified firm. Also consider secondary factors such as geographic proximity and equitable distribution of work, but do not attribute greater significance to the secondary factors than to qualifications and past performance. Do not reject the overall most highly qualified firm solely in the interest of equitable distribution of contracts.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Consider the volume of work awarded by DoD during the previous 12 months. In considering equitable distribution of work among architect-engineer firms, include small business concerns; historically black colleges and universities and minority institutions; firms that have not had prior DoD contracts; and small disadvantaged business concerns and joint ventures with small disadvantaged business participants if the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Industry Subsector of the acquisition is one in which use of a price evaluation adjustment is currently authorized (see FAR 19.201(b)).</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) Use data extracted from the Federal Procurement Data System (FPDS).</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) Do not consider awards to overseas offices for projects outside the United States, its territories and possessions. Do not consider awards to a subsidiary if the subsidiary is not normally subject to management decisions, bookkeeping, and policies of a holding or parent company or an incorporated subsidiary that operates under a firm name different from the parent company. This allows greater competition.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Consider as appropriate superior performance evaluations on recently completed DoD contracts.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) Consider the extent to which potential contractors identify and commit to small business, to small disadvantaged business (SDB) if the NAICS Industry Subsector of the subcontracted effort is one in which use of an evaluation factor or subfactor for participation of SDB concerns is currently authorized (see FAR 19.201(b)), and to historically black college or university and minority institution performance as subcontractors.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
