<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_PGI_208.7004-1"
            outputclass="4"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 208.7004-1</ph> Purchase authorization from requiring department.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Requiring departments send their requirements to acquiring departments on either a DD Form 448, Military Interdepartmental Purchase Request (MIPR), or a DD Form 416, Requisition for Coal, Coke or Briquettes. A MIPR or a DD Form 416 is the acquiring department's authority to acquire the supplies or services on behalf of the requiring department.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) The acquiring department is authorized to create obligations against the funds cited in a MIPR without further referral to the requiring department. The acquiring department has no responsibility to determine the validity of a stated requirement in an approved MIPR, but it should bring apparent errors in the requirement to the attention of the requiring department.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) Changes that affect the contents of the MIPR must be processed as a MIPR amendment regardless of the status of the MIPR. The requiring department may initially transmit changes electronically or by some other expedited means, but must confirm changes by a MIPR amendment.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) The requiring department must submit requirements for additional line items of supplies or services not provided for in the original MIPR as a new MIPR. The requiring department may use a MIPR amendment for increased quantities only if—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) The original MIPR requirements have not been released for solicitation; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) The acquiring department agrees.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
