<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="DFARS-PGI_PGI_219.201"
            outputclass="3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 219.201</ph> General policy.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)(10)<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(1</i>) Agencies are
not precluded from requiring that actions over $10,000, but under
$150,000, that are totally set aside for small business be reviewed
by the small business specialist. One example of when an agency
may choose to require this review is when the agency determines
that such a review is necessary to assist contracting officers in
identifying opportunities for other small business set-aside programs
(e.g., HUBZone, service-disabled veteran-owned, small disadvantaged business,
women-owned small business) in order to meet small business goals.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) Modifications that increase
the scope of the contract, or the order under a Federal Supply Schedule
contract, should be reviewed by the small business specialist. At
a minimum, these actions might impact the small business subcontracting
plan. However, funding modifications or modifications that do not
increase the scope of the contract generally should not be reviewed,
because the value that a small business specialist review would
add in these instances would be minimal compared to the resources
that would be expended.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d) Small business specialists are appointed
and perform functions in accordance with DoD Instruction (DoDI)
4205.01, DoD Small Business Programs. In the DoDI, small business
specialists are called “small business professionals”.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
