<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_242.7000"
            outputclass="3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 242.7000</ph> Contractor business system deficiencies.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1">(b) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Determination to withhold
payments.</i> The following are sample formats for written notifications
of contracting officer determinations to initiate payment withholding,
reduce payment withholding, and discontinue payment withholding
in accordance with the clause at DFARS <xref href="252.242-7005.dita#DFARS_252.242-7005"
                  base="DFARS-252.242-7005"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.242-7005</xref>,
Contractor Business Systems:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(1) Use this sample format for written
final determinations to implement payment withholding:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr">Payment Withholding</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3"> (i) The purpose of this final determination is to disapprove your <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">[identify the contractor business system(s)]</i> and implement payment withholding per the terms of the  clause at DFARS
            <xref href="http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/dfars/html/current/252242.htm#252.242-7005"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.242-7005</xref>, Contractor Business Systems.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3"> (ii) It is my final determination that XXX System(s) contains the following material weaknesses:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr">--<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">[list all </i>
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">
               <line-through class="+ topic/ph hi-d/line-through "/>
            </i>
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">material weaknesses</i>
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">]</i>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3"> (iii) Effective immediately, five percent (or a lesser percentage if five percent will exceed the withhold limitations in the  clause at DFARS
            <xref href="http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/dfars/html/current/252242.htm#252.242-7005"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.242-7005</xref>) of each request for payment under the contracts in Attachment A will be withheld as described below for material weaknesses in XXX system. Upon receipt of an acceptable corrective action plan and my determination that this corrective action plan is being effectively implemented, I will issue a notification with respect to reducing the percentage being withheld to two percent until I determine that all material weaknesses, as identified in this final determination, have been corrected. Failure to follow the accepted corrective action plan will result in an increase in the percentage withheld against each payment under this contract to five percent (or a lesser percentage if five percent will exceed the withhold limitations in DFARS <xref href="http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/dfars/html/current/252242.htm#252.242-7005"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.242-7005</xref>). <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">[Repeat this paragraph, as necessary, if multiple withholds are being applied to multiple systems in accordance with </i>
            <xref href="http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/dfars/html/current/252242.htm#252.242-7005"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">252.242-7005</i>
            </xref>
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(d)]</i>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(iv) For payments under cost, labor-hour,
or time-and-material contracts: The Contractor shall apply a five
percent (or a lesser percentage if five percent will exceed the
withhold limitations in DFARS <xref href="252.242-7005.dita#DFARS_252.242-7005"
                  base="DFARS-252.242-7005"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.242-7005</xref>)
withhold to the amount being billed and prepare a cost voucher in
Wide Area WorkFlow (WAWF) for the net amount due. The Contractor
shall show the amount withheld on the current billing, as well as
the cumulative amount withheld to date on this contract in accordance
with DFARS clause <xref href="252.242-7005.dita#DFARS_252.242-7005"
                  base="DFARS-252.242-7005"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.242-7005</xref>,
in the Comments block of the Miscellaneous Info Tab in WAWF.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(v) For progress payments: The Contractor
shall prepare the request in WAWF without applying any withhold
percentage. The Contracting Officer will reduce the approved amount
by five percent (or a lesser percentage if five percent will exceed
the withhold limitations in DFARS <xref href="252.242-7005.dita#DFARS_252.242-7005"
                  base="DFARS-252.242-7005"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.242-7005</xref>)
and record the amount being withheld on the progress payment request,
as well the cumulative amount withheld on this contract in accordance
with DFARS clause <xref href="252.242-7005.dita#DFARS_252.242-7005"
                  base="DFARS-252.242-7005"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.242-7005</xref>,
in the Comments block of the Miscellaneous Info Tab in WAWF.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(vi) For performance-based payments: The
Contractor shall prepare the request in WAWF without applying any
withhold percentage to the performance based payment event schedule
amounts. The Contracting Officer will reduce the amount approved
by five percent (or a lesser percentage if five percent will exceed
the withhold limitations in DFARS <xref href="252.242-7005.dita#DFARS_252.242-7005"
                  base="DFARS-252.242-7005"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.242-7005</xref>)
and record the amount being withheld on the performance based payment
as well as the cumulative amount withheld on this contract in accordance
with the DFARS clause <xref href="252.242-7005.dita#DFARS_252.242-7005"
                  base="DFARS-252.242-7005"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.242-7005</xref> in
the Comments block of the of the Miscellaneous Info Tab in WAWF.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(2) Use this sample format for determinations
to reduce payment withholding:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr">Reduction of Temporary Payment Withholding</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3"> (i) The purpose of this determination is to reduce the payment withholding percentage per the terms of the  clause at DFARS
            <xref href="http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/dfars/html/current/252242.htm#252.242-7005"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.242-7005</xref>, Contractor Business Systems, as a result of receiving an acceptable corrective action plan from the contractor, dated YYYY/MM/DD, for resolving deficiencies in its XXX system(s) as identified in the Contracting Officer’s determination, dated YYYY/MM/DD. This reduction is prospective and previous amounts withheld will not be reduced or released at this time.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3"> (ii) Effective immediately, two percent of each request for payment under this contract will be withheld as described below. The two percent being withheld will remain in effect until the Contracting Officer determines that the Contractor has corrected all material weaknesses as directed by the Contracting Officer’s determination. Failure to follow the accepted corrective action plan will result in an increase in the percentage withheld against each payment under this contract to five percent (or a lesser percentage if five percent will exceed the withhold limitations in DFARS <xref href="http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/dfars/html/current/252242.htm#252.242-7005"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.242-7005</xref>).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(iii) For payments under cost, labor-hour,
or time-and-material contracts: The Contractor shall apply a two
percent withhold to the amount being billed and prepare a cost voucher
in Wide Area WorkFlow (WAWF) for the net amount due. The Contractor
shall show the amount withheld on the current billing, as well as
the cumulative amount withheld to date on this contract in accordance
with DFARS clause <xref href="252.242-7005.dita#DFARS_252.242-7005"
                  base="DFARS-252.242-7005"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.242-7005</xref>,
in the Comments block of the Miscellaneous Info Tab in WAWF.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(iv) For progress payments: The Contractor
shall prepare the request in WAWF without applying any withhold
percentage. The Contracting Officer will reduce the approved amount
by two percent and record the amount being withheld on the progress
payment request, as well the cumulative amount withheld on this
contract in accordance with DFARS clause <xref href="252.242-7005.dita#DFARS_252.242-7005"
                  base="DFARS-252.242-7005"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.242-7005</xref>,
in the Comments block of the Miscellaneous Info Tab in WAWF.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(v) For performance-based payments: The
Contractor shall prepare the request in WAWF without applying any
withhold percentage to the performance-based payment event schedule
amounts. The Contracting Officer will reduce the amount approved
by two percent and record the amount being withheld on the performance-based
payment as well as the cumulative amount withheld on this contract
in accordance with the DFARS clause <xref href="252.242-7005.dita#DFARS_252.242-7005"
                  base="DFARS-252.242-7005"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.242-7005</xref> in
the Comments block of the of the Miscellaneous Info Tab in WAWF.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> (3) Use the sample format below if payment withholding is discontinued pending receipt of auditor or functional specialist verification and based on evidence that the contractor has corrected all material weaknesses, in accordance with the clause at DFARS <xref href="http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/dfars/html/current/252242.htm#252.242-7005"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.242-7005</xref>, Contractor Business Systems:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr">Discontinuation of Payment Withholding Pending Verification</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(i) The purpose of this determination is
to approve your <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">[identify system(s)]</i> pending verification,
discontinue the payment withhold as identified in the Contracting
Officer’s determination dated YYYY/MM/DD, and release previous amounts
withheld on the contracts in Attachment A, in accordance with DFARS
clause <xref href="252.242-7005.dita#DFARS_252.242-7005"
                  base="DFARS-252.242-7005"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.242-7005</xref>,
Contractor Business Systems.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3"> (ii) The discontinuation of the payment withhold is made pending receipt of verification and based on my review of the evidence submitted by the Contractor that all the Contractor’s system(s) material weaknesses identified in the Contracting Officer’s determination dated YYYY/MM/DD have been corrected.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(iii) The Contractor is authorized to submit
a bill in the amount of $XXXXXXXX. The billed amount should be submitted
on the same type of invoice as the withhold was originally taken,
as appropriate.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> (4) Use the sample format below if payment withholding is discontinued after auditor or functional specialist verification that the contractor has corrected all material weaknesses, in accordance with the clause at DFARS <xref href="http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/dfars/html/current/252242.htm#252.242-7005"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref "> 252.242-7005</xref>, Contractor Business Systems:</p>
         <p outputclass="Ctr" class="- topic/p ">Discontinuation of Payment Withholding</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(i) The purpose of this determination is
to approve your <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">[identify system(s)]</i>, discontinue the payment
withhold as identified in the Contracting Officer’s determination
dated YYYY/MM/DD, and release previous amounts withheld on the contracts
in Attachment A, in accordance with DFARS clause <xref href="252.242-7005.dita#DFARS_252.242-7005"
                  base="DFARS-252.242-7005"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.242-7005</xref>,
Contractor Business Systems.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3"> (ii) The discontinuation of the payment withhold is made based on verification that all the Contractor’s system(s) material weaknesses identified in the Contracting Officer’s final determination dated YYYY/MM/DD have been corrected.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(iii) The Contractor is authorized to submit
a bill in the amount of $XXXXXXXX. The billed amount should be submitted
on the same type of invoice as the withhold was originally taken,
as appropriate.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
