<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-PGI_PGI_209.106-2"
            outputclass="4"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 209.106-2</ph> Requests for preaward surveys.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) The surveying activity is the cognizant contract administration office as listed in the Federal Directory of Contract Administration Services Components, available at https://pubapp.dcma.mil/CASD/main.jsp. When information is required as part of the survey on the adequacy of the contractor's accounting system or its suitability for administration of the proposed type of contract, the surveying activity will obtain the information from the auditor.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Limited information may be requested by telephone.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) The contracting officer may request a formal survey by telephone but must confirm immediately with SF 1403, Preaward Survey of Prospective Contractor (General). For a formal survey, send original and three copies of SF 1403, including necessary drawings and specifications.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) List additional factors in Item H, Section III of the SF 1403 and explain them in Block 23. For example—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Information needed to determine a prospective contractor's eligibility under the Walsh-Healey Public Contracts Act. (Note that the Walsh-Healey Public Contracts Act, Block 12 of Section I, only indicates what the contractor has represented its classification to be under Walsh-Healey.)</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Evaluation of a contractor as a planned producer when the offered item is or may appear on the Industrial Preparedness Planning List (IPPL). When the preaward survey results in a recommendation for award, ask the office responsible for industrial preparedness planning to consider designating the prospective contractor as a planned producer. If the item is already on the IPPL or the prospective contractor is already a planned producer, note the information in Block 23.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) Evaluation of the prospective contractor’s performance against small business subcontracting plans.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) On base level preaward surveys, technical personnel from the requiring installation should participate when there is concern about the ability of a prospective contractor to perform a base level service or construction contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5) Allow more time for—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Complex items;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) New or inexperienced DoD contractors; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Surveys with time-consuming requirements, e.g., secondary survey, accounting system review, financial capability analysis, or purchasing office participation.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6) Only request those factors essential to the determination of responsibility. See DFARS <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-253.209-1"
                  href="253.209-1.dita#DFARS-253.209-1">253.209-1</xref>(a) for an explanation of the factors in Section III, Blocks 19 and 20 of the SF 1403.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
