<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-PGI_PGI_225.7002-1"
            outputclass="4"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 225.7002-1</ph> Restrictions.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)(1)(ii)(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) The following are examples, not all-inclusive, of Product and Service Codes (PSCs) that contain items of clothing:</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">i</i>) Clothing apparel (such as outerwear, headwear, underwear, nightwear, footwear, hosiery, or handwear) listed in PSC 8405, 8410, 8415, 8420, 8425, 8450, or 8475.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ii</i>) Footwear listed in PSC 8430 or 8435.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">iii</i>) Hosiery, handwear, or other items of clothing apparel, such as belts and suspenders, listed in PSC 8440 or 8445.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">iv</i>) Badges or insignia listed in PSC 8455.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) The PSCs listed in paragraph (a)(1)(ii)(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) of this section also contain items that are not clothing, such as—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Visors;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Kevlar helmets;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Handbags; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) Plastic identification tags.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) Each item should be individually analyzed to determine if it is clothing, rather than relying on the PSC alone to make that determination.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) The fact that an item is excluded from the foreign source restriction of the Berry Amendment applicable to clothing does not preclude application of another Berry Amendment restriction in DFARS <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-225.7002-1"
                  href="225.7002-1.dita#DFARS-225.7002-1"/> to the components of the item.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5) Small arms protective inserts (SAPI plates) are an example of items added to, and not normally associated with, clothing. Therefore, SAPI plates are not covered under the Berry Amendment as clothing. However, fabrics used in the SAPI plate are still subject to the foreign source restrictions of the Berry Amendment. If the fabric used in the SAPI plate is a synthetic fabric or a coated synthetic fabric, the fibers and yarns used in the fabric are not covered by the Berry Amendment, because the fabric is a component of an end product that is not a textile product (see DFARS <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-225.7002-2"
                  href="225.7002-2.dita#DFARS-225.7002-2"/>(m).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Example</i>: A SAPI plate is compliant with the Berry Amendment if the synthetic fiber or yarn is obtained from foreign country X and woven into synthetic fabric in the United States, which is then incorporated into a SAPI plate manufactured in foreign country Y.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Hand or measuring tools.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) As applied to hand or measuring tools, “produced in the United States” means that the hand or measuring tool was assembled in the United States out of components, or otherwise made from raw materials into the finished product that is to be provided to the Government.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) If a hand or measuring tool was assembled in a country other than the United States, then disassembled and reassembled in the United States, the hand or measuring tool was not produced in the United States.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) The requirement to buy hand or measuring tools produced in the United States does not impose any restriction on the source of the components of the hand or measuring tools. This is unlike the Berry Amendment restriction on clothing (see <ph xtrc="PGIxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_225.7002-1"
                     href="PGI_225.7002-1.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_225.7002-1">225.7002-1</xref>
            </ph>(a)(1)(ii)), which explicitly requires domestic source for the materials and components of clothing (other than unusual components such as sensors or electronics), as well as the additional separate restrictions on various types of fibers and fabrics that might be components of the clothing.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D) If the acquisition of the hand or measuring tools is also subject to the Buy American statute (see FAR Subpart <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">25.1</ph>), then in order to qualify as a domestic end product, the cost of the components mined, produced, or manufactured in the United States or a qualifying country, must exceed 50 percent of the cost of all the components of the hand or measuring tool.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
