<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-PGI_PGI_201.304" outputclass="3" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 201.304</ph> Agency control and compliance procedures.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) Plans for controlling the use of clauses or provisions other than those prescribed by the FAR or DFARS (local clauses), as required by DFARS <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref " base="DFARS-201.304" href="201.304.dita#DFARS-201.304" xtrc="201.304">201.304</xref>(4), shall include procedures to ensure that a local clause—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Is evaluated to determine whether the local clause constitutes a significant revision (see 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref " base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_201.301" href="PGI_201.301.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_201.301" xtrc="201.301">PGI 201.301</xref>
            (b));</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Is numbered in accordance with FAR 52.1 and DFARS 252.1 (see 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref " base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_252.103" href="PGI_252.103.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_252.103" xtrc="252.103">PGI 252.103</xref>
            );</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) Is accompanied by a prescription in the appropriate part and subpart of the department or agency FAR supplement where the subject matter of the clause receives its primary treatment;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D) If it constitutes a significant revision—</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) Is published for public comment in the Federal Register in accordance with FAR 1.501 and DFARS 201.501;</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) Complies with the Paperwork Reduction Act 1980 (44 USC chapter 35), in accordance with FAR 1.106and 1.301;</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>) As a matter of policy, complies with the Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">et seq.</i>); and</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">4</i>) Is approved in accordance with DFARS <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref " base="DFARS-201.304" href="201.304.dita#DFARS-201.304" xtrc="201.304">201.304</xref>; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(E) Is published with a prescription as a final rule in the Federal Register in order to amend the department or agency’s chapter of Title 48 of the Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), if it is to be used on a repetitive basis.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5)(A) Prior to publication for public comment in the Federal Register of a local clause that constitutes a significant revision (see 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref " base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_201.301" href="PGI_201.301.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_201.301" xtrc="201.301">PGI 201.301</xref>
            (b)), departments and agencies shall submit, in accordance with agency procedures, the following information electronically via email to the Director, Defense Acquisition Regulation (DAR) Council, at osd.clause.control@mail.mil:</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) The name of the requesting department or agency.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) The name, email address and phone number of the point of contract for the local clause and the department or agency clause control point of contact.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>) A detailed rationale for the request, to include—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">i</i>) Why existing FAR or DFARS clauses or provisions do not satisfy, or could not be tailored to meet, the department or agency’s needs;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ii</i>) What contracting problem or situation will be avoided, corrected, or improved if the local clause is approved; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">iii</i>) Identification of other DoD Components that have expressed interest in use of the clause for consideration for incorporation into the DFARS.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">4</i>) The draft rule to be published in the Federal Register to solicit public comments on the proposal to amend the department and agency’s chapter of Title 48 of the CFR to incorporate the local clause.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">5</i>) The initial regulatory flexibility analysis. For additional information on the Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">et seq.</i>) see Appendix 8 of the FAR Operating Guide accessible via the Defense Acquisition Regulation System (DARS) website at http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/about.html.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">6</i>) If applicable, the request package to be submitted to the Office of Management and Budget for any new information collection requirement imposed by the local clause. For additional information on the Paperwork Reduction Act (44 USC Chapter 35) see Appendix 9 of the FAR Operating Guide accessible via the DARS website at http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/about.html.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">7</i>) Evidence of coordination with the department or agency’s legal counsel.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">8</i>) Evidence of coordination with the appropriate stakeholders (e.g., Chief Information Officer, Office of Small Business Programs, etc.).</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) The Director, DAR Council, shall—</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) Determine whether the local clause unnecessarily duplicates coverage currently contained within the FAR or DFARS;</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) Determine whether the local clause constitutes a deviation from the FAR or DFARS (see FAR 1.401) and requires approval in accordance with DFARS 201.4;</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>) Coordinate the local clause with the appropriate stakeholders;</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">4</i>) Coordinate local clauses, as appropriate, with the DAR Council for consideration of the local clause for incorporation in the DFARS; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">5</i>) Provide recommendations regarding the local clause package.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) Requests for Director, Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy (DPAP), approval of local clauses that have been published for public comment in the Federal Register, shall be submitted electronically via email through the Director, DAR Council, at osd.clause.control@mail.mil and shall include the following:</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) A memorandum requesting Director, DPAP, approval of the local clause.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) A copy of the notice of the rule published in the Federal Register.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>) A copy of all public comments received in response to the Federal Register notice.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">4</i>) An analysis of, and responses to, any public comments received.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">5</i>) The draft final rule to be published in the Federal Register to amend the department or agency’s chapter of Title 48 of the CFR to incorporate the local clause.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">6</i>) The final regulatory flexibility analysis. For additional information on the Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">et seq.</i>) see Appendix 8 of the FAR Operating Guide accessible via the DARS website at http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/about.html.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">7</i>) If applicable, a copy of the Office of Management and Budget’s approval of any new information collection requirement imposed by the local clause. For additional information on the Paperwork Reduction Act (44 USC chapter 35) see Appendix 9 of the FAR Operating Guide accessible via the DARS website at http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/about.html.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">8</i>) Evidence of coordination with the department or agency’s legal counsel.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">9</i>) Evidence of coordination with the appropriate stakeholders (e.g., Chief Information Officer, Office of Small Business Programs, etc.).</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">10</i>) A copy of any initial recommendations received from the Director, DAR Council on the proposed rule.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
