<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-PGI_PGI_225.7902-2"
            outputclass="4"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 225.7902-2</ph> Purpose.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Background. </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) The U.S. Government controls exports of defense articles, technical data, and defense services. The controls are imposed by the Arms Export Control Act (AECA) and the Department of State regulation that implements the AECA export controls. That regulation is the ITAR. See PGI <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-204.7302"
                  href="204.7302.dita#DFARS-204.7302">204.7302</xref>(2)(i) for more information about the ITAR.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Under the ITAR, the Department of State manages an export licensing system in which government approvals are often necessary for companies to hold discussions about potential projects, pursue joint activities, ship hardware, or transfer know-how to one another, and even sometimes to move engineers and other personnel within branches of the same company located in different countries. This process can be challenging for U.S. exporters and for foreign firms in their supply chains.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Given the close allied relationship of the United States with Australia and the United Kingdom, the President and the respective Prime Ministers decided to reform the defense trade system between their countries with the goal of facilitating the exchange of certain defense articles, technical data, and defense services between their militaries and security authorities, and their industries. They negotiated bilateral Defense Trade Cooperation DTC Treaties to achieve this goal. These bilateral DTC Treaties establish permissions for export without export licenses for each country, if an export meets the DTC Treaty requirements. </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Other exports remain under the AECA and the ITAR. The DTC Treaties are intended solely to waive certain requirements of the ITAR for specific transactions within the scope of the DTC Treaties not remove any requirements for contractors to comply with domestic U.S. law.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) The Department of State regulations implementing the DTC Treaties are in the ITAR. </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) How the DTC Treaties work. </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) The DTC Treaties establish Approved Communities. The “Approved Community” for each DTC Treaty is defined in DFARS clause <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-252.225-7047"
                  href="252.225-7047.dita#DFARS-252.225-7047">252.225-7047</xref>. Exports of most U.S. defense articles, technical data, and defense services are permitted to go into and to move within the Approved Community, without the need for government approvals and export licenses (provided that all persons comply with statutory and regulatory requirements outside of DFARS and ITAR concerning the import of defense articles and defense services or the possession or transfer of defense articles, including, but not limited to, regulations issued by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives found at 27 C.F.R. Parts 447, 478, and 479, which are unaffected by the DTC Treaties) when in support of the following:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">•	Combined U.S.-Australia or U.S.-U.K. military or counterterrorism operations. </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">•	U.S.-Australia or U.S.-U.K. cooperative security and defense research, development, production, and support programs.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">•	Specific security and defense projects that are for the government of Australia or the government of the United Kingdom use only.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">•	U.S. Government end use.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Under the DTC Treaties, instead of a U.S. exporter preparing and requesting Department of State approval of an export license or other written authorization for a project, the exporter may elect to use the applicable DTC Treaty if Treaty conditions are met. If using a DTC Treaty, the exporter will check the Department of State website (http://pmddtc.state.gov/) or other appropriate reference and verify that— </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">•	The Australian or U.K. partner is on the list of approved companies/facilities (i.e., a member of the Approved Community);</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">•	The effort is in support of at least one of the scope areas identified in paragraph (2)(i) of this section; and</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">•	The defense article is not on the exempted technology list. (Also in 22 CFR 126 Supplement No. 1).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">If all three conditions are met, then the U.S. exporter and the Australian or U.K. partner may use the DTC Treaty exemptions in the ITAR to move qualifying defense articles without the need to obtain export licenses or other written authorizations, provided compliance with paragraph (2)(i) of this section. </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) A company using a DTC Treaty, in addition to checking the three lists (as explained in paragraph (2)(ii) of this section), must also comply with requirements in the applicable DTC Treaty and the associated Implementing Arrangements, and the provisions of the ITAR pertaining to the DTC Treaty. These include marking and recordkeeping requirements to ensure that export-controlled items are recognized as such and treated accordingly. For example, instead of normal ITAR requirements, the provisions of the ITAR pertaining to the DTC Treaties establish the requirements that apply. Similarly, DFARS <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-225.7902"
                  href="225.7902.dita#DFARS-225.7902">225.7902</xref>  implements requirements that relate to exports that a prospective contractor may make under a DoD solicitation or that a contractor may make in performance of a DoD contract. </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">The company must continue to comply with domestic laws and regulations, including those pertaining to the movement of defense articles within the United States.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
