<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_270.104"
            outputclass="3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 270.104</ph>  Procedures.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) Contracting officers may submit applications for participation in the pilot program to OUSD(A&amp;S), Defense Pricing, Contracting, and Acquisition Policy (DPCAP) (Contract Policy) (DPCAP/CP) via email at <xref href="mailto:osd.pentagon.ousd-a-s.mbx.asda-dp-c-contractpolicy@mail.mil"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">osd.pentagon.ousd-a-s.mbx.asda-dp-c-contractpolicy@mail.mil</xref>. The application shall include the following:</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p "> (1) The cognizant contracting activity, including the department or agency, command, awarding contract office, and program office. </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) A copy of the predecessor contract and modifications, except funding and administrative modifications, and indicate if such contract was awarded pursuant to <xref href="SUBPART_270.1.dita#DFARS_SUBPART_270.1"
                  outputclass="fm:Subpart"
                  class="- topic/xref ">subpart  270.1</xref>. </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) A description of the proposed follow-on requirement, including the product or service, quantity, and period of performance. </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) The anticipated contract value. </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5) A copy of any waiver(s) issued.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p "> (b) DPCAP/CP will respond to the contracting officer within 30 days of receipt of the application.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p "> (c) Contracting officers shall not issue a solicitation prior to receipt of DPCAP/CP approval of participation in this pilot program. </p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d) Not later than 60 days after the end of the period of performance of the contract, the contracting activity shall submit to DPCAP/CP via email at osd.pentagon.ousd-a-s.mbx.asda-dp-c-contractpolicy@mail.mil— </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) The contractor’s response submitted to the contracting officer pursuant to the clause at DFARS 252.270-7002, Pilot Program to Incentivize Contracting with Employee-Owned Businesses; and </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Information from the contracting officer as follows: </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Summary of contractor performance on the predecessor contract. </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Summary of contractor performance on the follow-on contract. </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Identification and discussion of any benefits or disadvantages the contracting activity, department, or agency experienced using the pilot program. </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) Any best practices the department or agency implemented as a result of the pilot program. </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(v) Any other information the department or agency would like to share regarding its experience utilizing the pilot program.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
