<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-PGI_PGI_247.271-2"
            outputclass="4"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 247.271-2</ph>  Procedures.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Contiguous United States military activities assigned multi-service personal property areas of responsibility.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  When two or more military installations or activities have personal property responsibilities in a given area, one activity must contract for the estimated requirements of all activities in the area. The installation commanders concerned must designate the activity by mutual agreement.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  The Commander, Military Surface Deployment and Distribution Command (SDDC), must designate the contracting activity when local commanders are unable to reach agreement.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Additional services and excess requirements.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  When requiring activities need additional services that exceed contractor capabilities available under contracts, contracting officers should use simplified acquisition procedures to satisfy those excess requirements. </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Additional services are those not specified in the bid items.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  Additional services may include—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  Hoisting or lowering of articles;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  Waiting time;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C)  Special packaging; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D)  Stuffing or unstuffing of sea van containers.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  Contracting officers should consider contracting for local moves that do not require drayage by using hourly rate or constructive weight methods. The rate will include those services necessary for completion of the movement, including—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  Packing and unpacking;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  Movement;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C)  Inventorying; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D)  Removal of debris.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii)  Each personal property shipping activity must determine if local requirements exist for any additional services.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv)  The contracting officer may obtain additional services by—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  Including them as items within the contract, provided they are not used in the evaluation of bids (see DFARS <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-252.247-7008"
                  href="252.247-7008.dita#DFARS-252.247-7008">252.247-7008</xref>, Evaluation of Bids); or</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  Using simplified acquisition procedures.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(v)  Either predetermine prices for additional services with the contractor, or negotiate them on a case-by-case basis.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vi)  The contracting officer must authorize the contractor to perform any additional services, other than attempted pick up or delivery, regardless of the contracting method.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vii)  To the maximum extent possible, identify additional services required that are incidental to an order before placing the order, or, when applicable, during the pre-move survey.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  Contract distribution.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Contiguous United States personal property shipping activities must send the copy to the Commander, Military Surface Deployment and Distribution Command (SDDC), ATTN:  AMSSD-PP, 709 Ward Drive, Scott AFB IL 62225.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  In the European and Pacific areas, personal property shipping activities must send the copy to either the Property Directorate, SDDC Europe, or the Field Office-Pacific.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  Other overseas personal property shipping activities must send the copy to the Commander, Military Surface Deployment and Distribution Command, ATTN: AMSSD-PP, 709 Ward Drive, Scott AFB IL 62225.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)  When preparing solicitations for personal property for shipment or storage, and intra-area or intra-city movement, contracting officers should follow the procedures in DTR 4500.9-R, Part IV, Chapter 404 at http://www.transcom.mil/dtr/part-iv/dtr-part-4-404.pdf, and Appendix G at http://www.transcom.mil/dtr/part-iv/dtr-part-4-app-g.pdf.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
