<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_PGI_204.7001" outputclass="3" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 204.7001</ph> Procedures.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) When conducting an acquisition with an estimated value greater than $250 million, agencies shall ensure planned and actual procurement administrative lead time (PALT) milestone dates are entered into the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) module. The PIEE module can be accessed at https://wawf.eb.mil/.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) The “planned” date indicates when the milestone is initially expected to be completed and the “actual” date is when the milestone is complete.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) The following PALT milestones shall be entered into the PIEE module, if applicable:</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) The acquisition strategy/acquisition plan approval date.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) The date the justification and approval is approved.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) The date a funded purchase request is received by the contracting officer.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) The date a procurement-ready requirements package is received by the contracting officer.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5) The solicitation issuance date.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6) The proposal receipt date.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(7) The date the technical evaluation is complete.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(8) The audit completion date.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(9) The date the business clearance is approved.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(10) The date negotiations/discussions are complete.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(11) The date the contract clearance is complete. </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(12) The contract award date.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d) Planned milestone dates shall be entered into the PIEE module within one week of establishment of the milestones, but no later than the approval date of the acquisition strategy or plan. Actual milestone dates shall be entered into the PIEE module no later than one week after occurrence. Milestone dates shall be updated, as necessary, to reflect any changes.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e) A PowerPoint presentation with screenshots introducing the module is available on the DPC Procurement Toolbox at https://dodprocurementtoolbox.com/site-pages/palt.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
