<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-PGI_PGI_225.371-3"
            outputclass="4"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 225.371-3</ph> Government support.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) Support that may be authorized or required when contractor personnel are deployed with or otherwise provide support in the theater of operations to U.S. military forces deployed outside the United States may include, but are not limited to—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Deployment in-processing centers;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Training;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Transportation to operation area;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) Transportation within operation area;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(v) Physical security;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vi) Force protection;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vii) Organizational clothing and individual equipment;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(viii) Emergency medical care;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ix) Mess operations;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(x) Quarters;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(xi) Postal service;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(xii) Phone service;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(xiii) Emergency notification;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(xiv) Laundry; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(xv) Religious services.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d) Medical support of contractor personnel.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Contractors are required to ensure that the Government is reimbursed for any costs associated with medical or dental care provided to contractor employees accompanying the forces (see <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-252.225-7040"
                  href="252.225-7040.dita#DFARS-252.225-7040">252.225-7040</xref>(c)(2)).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) If questions arise concerning Defense Finance and Accounting Services (DFAS) billing to contractors for medical or dental care provided, contracting officers may refer the individual to any of the following resources:</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) For in-patient and out-patient billing rates, go to http://comptroller.defense.gov/FinancialManagement/Reports/rates2013.aspx, click on the appropriate fiscal year, and select Deployed/Non-Fixed Medical Facility Billing Rates.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) For Military Service-appointed points of contact (POCs) responsible for resolving medical billing disputes, see the POCs listed in the memoranda of agreements between DFAS and the military services).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) For general information on medical support of deployed contractor personnel in applicable contingency operations, see DoDI 3020.41.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) Contracting officers are not responsible for adjudicating DFAS bills to contractors for such medical or dental reimbursement. However, contracting officers are required to assist the Military Service POCs in resolving billing disputes.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e) Letter of authorization.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) If authorized by the contracting officer, a contracting officer’s representative may approve a SPOT-generated LOA. Contractor travel orders will be prepared by the supporting installation.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) The LOA will state the intended length of assignment in the theater of operations and will identify planned use of Government facilities and privileges in the theater of operations, as authorized by the contract. Authorizations may include such privileges as access to the exchange facilities and the commissary, and use of Government messing and billeting. The LOA must include the name of the approving Government official.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Approved, standard DoD format for LOA: (See sample LOA, Business Rules for the Synchronized Predeployment and Operational Tracker, at http://www.acq.osd.mil/log/PS/ctr_mgt_accountability.html</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
