<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-PGI_PGI_201.602-2"
            outputclass="4"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 201.602-2</ph> Responsibilities.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">Contracting officers shall inform all individuals performing on their behalf of their delegated roles and responsibilities, and the relationships among the parties.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)(i) When designating Department of State personnel as a contracting officer’s representative (COR for contracts executed by DoD in support of Department of State in Iraq), follow the procedures in the Director, Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy memorandum dated July 11, 2011, Contracting Officer’s Representative Designation—Iraq.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) DoD COR certification standards define minimum COR competencies, experience, and training requirements according to the nature and complexity of the requirement and contract performance risk. These COR certification standards should be considered when developing service requirements, soliciting proposals, and performing surveillance during contract performance. The DoD standards and policy are provided in DoD Instruction 5000.72, DoD Standard for Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR) Certification.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Guidance on the appointment and duties of CORs is provided in the https://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/cpic/cp/docs/USA001390-12_DoD_COR_Handbook_Signed.pdf.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) DoD agencies and components shall use the DoD Contracting Officer Representative Tracking (CORT) Tool to electronically track COR nominations, appointments, terminations, and training certifications for service contracts. Further guidance on using this tool is provided in OUSD(AT&amp;L) memorandum, dated February 10, 2014, Update to the Department of Defense Contracting Officer Representative Tracking Tool. The link to the CORT Tool is https://wawf.eb.mil.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(v) A COR assists in the technical monitoring or administration of a contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Contracting officers shall designate a COR for all service contracts, including both firm-fixed-price and other than firm-fixed-price contracts, awarded by a DoD component or by any other Federal agency on behalf of DoD. The surveillance activities performed by CORs should be tailored to the dollar value/complexity of the specific contract for which they are designated. For geographically dispersed large contracts with multiple task orders, contracting officers should consider appointing multiple or alternate CORs to assist with surveillance duties. These CORs should have specific duties based on criteria, such as geographic region or distinct task areas, to avoid conflicting or duplicative direction. Contracting officers may exempt service contracts from this requirement when the following three conditions are met:</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) The contract will be awarded using simplified acquisition procedures;</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) The requirement is not complex; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>) The contracting officer documents the file, in writing, with the specific reasons why the appointment of a COR is unnecessary.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) For cost reimbursement contracts that are not service contracts, contracting officers shall either retain or delegate surveillance activities to a COR or DCMA.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) The contracting officer shall include a copy of the written designation required by <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 1.602-2</ph>(d)(7) in the CORT Tool.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vi) A COR shall maintain an electronic file in the CORT Tool for each contract assigned. This file must include, as a minimum—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) A copy of the contracting officer's letter of designation and other documentation describing the COR's duties and responsibilities; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Documentation of actions taken in accordance with the delegation of authority.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vii) Contracting officers, as well as the requiring activities (or the COR’s supervisor), shall, as a minimum, annually review the COR’s files for accuracy and completeness. The results of the contracting officer’s review shall be documented in the CORT Tool.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(viii) Prior to contract closeout, the COR will deliver the COR files for the assigned contract to the contracting officer for incorporation into the contract file.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
