<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="DFARS-PGI_PGI_204.270-2"
            outputclass="4"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 204.270-2</ph> Procedures.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p id="QRYjHq" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) Contracting
officers shall maintain an account in Wide Area WorkFlow (WAWF),
which provides access to Electronic Document Access (EDA) to ensure
their ability to validate and verify data and documents distributed
to EDA, as necessary.</p>
         <p id="kgHpQo" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) Agencies shall perform,
upon deployment of any contract writing system or other source of
contractual documents to be posted to EDA, an analysis to verify
adequate controls are in place to ensure that contract documents
including attachments, and contract data posted to EDA are accurate
representations of the contract. Analyses performed shall include
the following—</p>
         <p id="bnMHzL" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) For documents posted
in document formats (e.g., Portable Document Format (PDF)), verification
that the electronic versions of contract documents posted to EDA
are accurate representations of the contract; however, the electronic
version is not required to display visual signatures; and</p>
         <p id="cOYhXq" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) For data sent to EDA
in the data standards at <xref href="PGI_204.201.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_204.201"
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_204.201"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">204.201</xref>, review of the data posted to EDA against the contract
documents verified under <xref href="PGI_204.270.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_204.270"
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_204.270"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">204.270</xref> (b)(1) to ensure the contract data rendered in EDA
is an accurate representation of the underlying contract. To facilitate
this review process, all feeds of data to EDA in the Procurement
Data Standard are initially placed in a view only evaluation mode,
where the data is not available to other systems or outside users pending
verification. Upon completion of the review of data, contracting
organizations shall notify the EDA program office of the results
of the review, with a list of the issuing offices of the contractual
actions, the identifier of the system sending the actions, the version
or versions of the data standards to which the review applies, and
the locations of the systems sending the actions, directing one
of the following decisions—</p>
         <p id="LgDvtO" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Delete all data sent
to date (in this case the system remains in evaluation status pending
further review);</p>
         <p id="BGaEpQ" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Delete all data sent
to date, and change all subsequent data from 'evaluation' to 'compliant'
status; or</p>
         <p id="JftKXn" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Retain all data sent
to date, and change all subsequent data from 'evaluation' to 'compliant'
status.</p>
         <p id="RotGmk" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Contract deficiency
reports</i>.</p>
         <p id="tlSurf" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Contracting officers
and all individuals tasked with creating, managing, or viewing contract
deficiency reports (CDRs) shall establish and maintain an account
in WAWF.</p>
         <p id="zzuadO" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Agencies that award or
administer contracts, or perform pay office functions, should assign
individuals within their organization to create, manage, and view
CDRs within WAWF based on the following CDR user roles: initiator, reviewer,
assignee, and view only.</p>
         <p id="apSRQx" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) The contracting officer
shall correct contract deficiencies identified in a CDR and document
the steps taken to resolve the deficiency in the CDR.</p>
         <p id="YMAVJr" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The CDR process</i>.</p>
         <p id="OrDwIF" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Creation</i>. A CDR
is created when a deficiency is identified in the procurement instrument.
A list of types of CDR deficiencies is available at<ph rev="Revised March 18, 2022" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref href="https://www.acq.osd.mil/asda/dpc/ce/ds/procurement-data-standard.html"
                     format="html"
                     scope="external"
                     class="- topic/xref ">https://www.acq.osd.mil/asda/dpc/ce/ds/procurement-data-standard.html</xref>
           .</ph>
The specifics of the deficiency shall be documented in the description
in enough detail to provide the assignee an understanding of the
problem.</p>
         <p id="Wrusab" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Approval</i>. Once
a CDR is created, the initiator shall route the CDR to their local
approval official for review.</p>
         <p id="VNMjRT" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Assignment</i>.
Once a CDR is approved, it is routed to the appropriate contracting
activity for action.</p>
         <p id="wkkiut" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Acceptance</i>. A
CDR must be accepted or returned by the contracting activity. If
a CDR is determined to have been incorrectly assigned, the contracting
activity can reassign the CDR to the proper organization (if known)
or reject the CDR.</p>
         <p id="XfgAlL" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(v) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Resolution</i>. The
assignee shall document the actions taken to resolve a CDR. If a
modification has been issued to resolve the deficiency, it shall
be identified in the CDR. Once all deficiencies identified on a
CDR have been resolved, mark the CDR as resolved. All CDRs should
be resolved within 30 days of approval.</p>
         <p id="ZSJCoD" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vi) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Close</i>. After
resolution of a CDR, the initiator of the CDR can accept the resolution
and manually close the CDR or return it to the assignee for further
action. CDRs not manually closed or returned by the initiator to
the assignee within 60 days after resolution will automatically
be closed. Once the CDR is closed, a notification is generated advising
that the CDR is closed.</p>
         <p id="ErBWsm" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5) Additional information
on the CDR module of WAWF is available at https://wawf.eb.mil.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
