<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-PGI_PGI_215.403-1"
            outputclass="4"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 215.403-1</ph> Prohibition on obtaining certified cost or pricing data (10 U.S.C. 2306a and 41 U.S.C. chapter 35).</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Exceptions to certified cost or pricing data requirements</i>. Even if an exception to certified cost or pricing data applies, the contracting officer is still required to determine price reasonableness. In order to make this determination, the contracting officer may require data other than certified cost or pricing data, including data related to prices and cost data that would otherwise be defined as certified cost or pricing data if certified.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)(3) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Commercial items</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) See the Department of Defense Guidebook for Acquiring Commercial Items, Part B: Pricing Commercial Items, for detailed guidance about techniques and approaches to pricing commercial products and services.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(1</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Report Content</i>. The annual report of commercial item exceptions to Truth in Negotiations Act (TINA) requirements shall include the following:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Title: Commercial Item Exceptions to TINA Requirements</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(1) Contract number, including modification number, if applicable, and program name.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(2) Contractor name.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(3) Contracting activity.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(4) Total dollar amount of exception.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(5) Brief explanation of the basis for determining that the item(s) are commercial.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(6) Brief description of the specific steps taken to ensure price reasonableness.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Pricing Actions Reported</i>. The intent of this requirement is to report when a commercial item exception was determined. Therefore, the reporting of the commercial item exceptions are for pricing actions at the point the contracting officer makes a determination that the commercial item exception applies. For example—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Example 1: The contracting officer determined that a commercial item exception applies for an entire indefinite-delivery indefinite-quantity (IDIQ) contract and expected the subsequent orders to exceed $19.5 million (based on the estimated maximum amount for the IDIQ or other supportable estimate of future orders). The organization would report this in accordance with DFARS <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-215.403-1"
                  href="215.403-1.dita#DFARS-215.403-1">215.403-1</xref>(c)(3) for the period in which the IDIQ contract was awarded, and would include the total dollar amount of subsequent orders under the exception expected at the time of award. </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Example 2: The contracting officer awards an IDIQ contract with no commercial item exceptions anticipated. The contracting officer later modifies the contract for an order that will meet commercial item exceptions, and the subsequent order(s) are expected to exceed $19.5 million. Reporting (in the year the modification was issued) will include this IDIQ contract, the amount of this order, and any other expected future orders that will use the exception.</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">i</i>) For the above examples, after the contract is reported as receiving the exception with expected awards over $19.5 million, there would be no further report, e.g., when a subsequent order under that contract exceeds $19.5 million, because reporting for that contract was already accomplished.</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ii</i>) When explaining price reasonableness in accordance with paragraph (c)(3)(B)<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(1)</i>(6) of this subsection, if pricing was accomplished when the IDIQ contract was awarded, also explain how price reasonableness was determined. In circumstances where pricing will take place on the order at a future date, explain how pricing techniques at <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 15.404-1</ph> will be used, including obtaining cost data, if that is the only way to determine price reasonableness.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Waivers</i>. </p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Exceptional case TINA waiver</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) In determining that an exceptional case TINA waiver is appropriate, the head of the contracting activity must exercise care to ensure that the supplies or services could not be obtained without the waiver and that the determination is clearly documented. See DPAP March 23, 2007, policy memorandum. The intent is not to relieve entities that normally perform Government contracts subject to TINA from an obligation to certify that cost or pricing data are accurate, complete, and current. Instead, waivers must be used judiciously, in situations where the Government could not otherwise obtain a needed item without a waiver. A prime example would be when a particular company offers an item that is essential to DoD’s mission but is not available from other sources, and the company refuses to submit certified cost or pricing data. In such cases, a waiver may be appropriate. However, the procuring agency should, in conjunction with the waiver, develop a strategy for procuring the item in the future that will not require such a waiver (e.g., develop a second source, develop an alternative product that satisfies the department’s needs, or have DoD produce the item).</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Senior procurement executive coordination</i>. An exceptional case TINA waiver that exceeds $100 million shall be coordinated with the senior procurement executive prior to granting the waiver. </p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Waiver for part of a proposal</i>. The requirement for submission of certified cost or pricing data may be waived for part of an offeror’s proposed price when it is possible to clearly identify that part of the offeror’s cost proposal to which the waiver applies as separate and distinct from the balance of the proposal. In granting a partial waiver, in addition to complying with the requirements in DFARS <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-215.403-1"
                  href="215.403-1.dita#DFARS-215.403-1">215.403-1</xref>(c)(4), the head of the contracting activity must address why it is in the Government’s best interests to grant a partial waiver, given that the offeror has no objection to certifying to the balance of its cost proposal.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">4</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Waivers for unpriced supplies or services</i>. Because there is no price, unpriced supplies or services cannot be subject to cost or pricing data certification requirements. The Government cannot agree in advance to waive certification requirements for unpriced supplies or services, and may only consider a waiver at such time as an offeror proposes a price that would otherwise be subject to certification requirements.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) The annual report of waiver of TINA requirements shall include the following:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Title: Waiver of TINA Requirements</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(1) Contract number, including modification number, if applicable, and program name.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(2) Contractor name.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(3) Contracting activity.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(4) Total dollar amount waived.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(5) Brief description of why the item(s) could not be obtained without a waiver. See DPAP March 23, 2007, policy memorandum.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(6) Brief description of the specific steps taken to ensure price reasonableness.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(7) Brief description of the demonstrated benefits of granting the waiver.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
