<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_PGI_225.7502"
            outputclass="3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 225.7502</ph> Procedures. </title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">If the Balance of Payments Program applies, use the following procedures:</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Solicitation of offers</i>. Identify, in the solicitation, supplies and construction material known in advance to be exempt from the Balance of Payments Program.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Evaluation of offers</i>. </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Supplies</i>. Unless the entire acquisition is exempt from the Balance of Payments Program, evaluate offers for supplies that are subject to the Balance of Payments Program using the evaluation procedures in DFARS Subpart 225.5. However, treatment of duty may differ when delivery is overseas.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Duty may not be applicable to nonqualifying country offers.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) The U.S. Government cannot guarantee the exemption of duty for components or end products imported into foreign countries.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) Foreign governments may impose duties. Evaluate offers including such duties as offered.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Construction</i>. Because the contracting officer evaluates the estimated cost of foreign and domestic construction material in accordance with DFARS <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-225.7501"
                  href="225.7501.dita#DFARS_225.7501">225.7501</xref>(a)(6)(iv) before issuing the solicitation, no special procedures are required for evaluation of construction offers.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Postaward</i>. For construction contracts, the procedures at FAR 25.206, for noncompliance under the Buy American statute, also apply to noncompliance under the Balance of Payments Program.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
