<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-PGI_PGI_218.271"
            outputclass="3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 218.271</ph> Use of electronic business tools.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) Use of electronic business (e-business) acquisition tools greatly enhances the efficacy of the contracting process in a contingency business environment (CBE). The CBE involves specific tools, policies, roles and responsibilities, and processes necessary to streamline delivery of goods and services to the end user and to implement an e-business program with the capabilities necessary to support an end-to-end electronic acquisition process in order to quickly obtain goods and services for the warfighter in an operational area. For information and procedures to effectively utilize CBE e-business tools, and additional policy references supporting use of the e-business tools, see the DoD CBE Guidebook at http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/pacc/cc/docs/CBE_Guidebook.docx.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) Use of the following CBE e-business tools is mandatory when supporting a contingency or humanitarian or peacekeeping operation as defined in <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 2.101</ph>:</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) The 3in1 Tool. The 3in1 Tool automates the field order, receipt, and purchase processes previously executed manually using the paper Standard Form (SF) 44. The 3in1 handheld device records and transmits cash and carry type purchases and payment data to the prime database for remote reconciliation and review, when conducting on-the-spot, over-the-counter field purchases where use of the Government Purchase Card is appropriate, but not feasible. The 3in1 database may be accessed on the Joint Contingency Contracting Systems (JCCS) website at https://www.jccs.gov/olvr/.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) The Acquisition Cross-Servicing Agreements (ACSA) Global Automated Tracking and Reporting System (AGATRS). AGATRS is an automated tool that tracks and provides visibility into worldwide ACSAs that may satisfy a requirement through support from the host nation or other nations supporting the contingency. ACSA transactions that are used in support of contingency or humanitarian or peacekeeping operations are required to be documented and tracked in AGATRS as required by the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Instruction 2120.01C, Acquisition Cross Servicing Agreements (http://dtic.mil/cjcs_directives/cdata/unlimit/2120_01.pdf). AGATRS is accessible on the JCCS website at https://www.jccs.gov/olvr.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) No other electronic tools may be used to fulfill the same capabilities as 3in1 and AGATRS.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d) See PGI <ph xtrc="PGIxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_225.370"
                     href="PGI_225.370.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_225.370">225.370</xref>
            </ph>(a)(ii) regarding use of the Theater Business Clearance CBE e-business tool. </p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
