<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-PGI_PGI_251.102"
            outputclass="3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 251.102</ph> Authorization to use Government supply sources.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">Use a format substantially the same as the following when authorizing contractor use of Government Supply Sources.  Specify the terms of the purchase, including contractor acceptance of any Government materiel, payment terms, and the addresses required by paragraph (e) of the clause at 252.251-7000, Ordering from Government Supply Sources.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "/>
         <table frame="none" colsep="0" rowsep="0" class="- topic/table ">
            <tgroup cols="1"
                    colsep="0"
                    rowsep="0"
                    outputclass="Table"
                    class="- topic/tgroup ">
               <colspec colnum="1"
                        colname="1"
                        colwidth="100*"
                        colsep="0"
                        class="- topic/colspec "/>
               <tbody class="- topic/tbody ">
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">AUTHORIZATION TO PURCHASE FROM GOVERNMENT SUPPLY SOURCES</p>
                        <p class="- topic/p ">(SAMPLE FORMAT)</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
               </tbody>
            </tgroup>
         </table>
         <p class="- topic/p ">SUBJECT:  Authorization to Purchase from Government Supply Sources</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">_________________________________________________(Contractor's Name)</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">_________________________________________________(Contractor's Address)</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">__________________________________________________(CAGE Code)</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">1.  You are hereby authorized to use Government sources in performing Contract No. __________________ for <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">[insert the requiring activity’s DoD Activity Address Code (DoDAAC)]</i>, as follows:  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">[Insert applicable purchasing authority given to the contractor.]</i>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">2.a.  Purchase Orders Under Federal Supply Schedules or Personal Property Rehabilitation Price Schedules.  Place orders in accordance with the terms and conditions of the attached Schedule(s) and this authorization.  Attach a copy of this authorization to the order (unless a copy was previously furnished to the Federal Supply Schedule or Personal Property Rehabilitation Price Schedule contractor).  Insert the following statement in the order:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "/>
         <table frame="none" colsep="0" rowsep="0" class="- topic/table ">
            <tgroup cols="1"
                    colsep="0"
                    rowsep="0"
                    outputclass="Table"
                    class="- topic/tgroup ">
               <colspec colnum="1"
                        colname="1"
                        colwidth="100*"
                        colsep="0"
                        class="- topic/colspec "/>
               <tbody class="- topic/tbody ">
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">This order is placed under written authorization from ______________________________________ dated ____________________ (*___________).  In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this order and those of the Federal Supply Schedule or Personal Property Rehabilitation Price Schedule contract, the latter will govern.</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
               </tbody>
            </tgroup>
         </table>
         <p class="- topic/p "/>
         <p class="- topic/p ">b.  Requisitioning from the General Services Administration (GSA) or the Department of Defense (DoD).  Place orders in accordance with this authorization and, as appropriate, the following:</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  Federal Standard Requisitioning and Issue Procedures (FEDSTRIP) (GSA FEDSTRIP Operating Guide:  FPMR 101-26.2 (41 CFR 101-26.2)).  Copies are available from the Superintendent of Documents, Government Printing Office, Washington, DC  20402; telephone (202) 512-1800; facsimile (202) 512-2250.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Military Standard Requisitioning and Issue Procedures (MILSTRIP) (DoD 4000.25-1-M).  Copies are available from the Defense Logistics Agency, Administrative Support Center East, ATTN:  ASCE-WS, 14 Dedication Drive, Suite 3, POD 43, New Cumberland, PA  17070-5011; telephone 1-888-DLA-PUBS(352-7827), or (717) 770-6034; facsimile (717) 770-4817.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">c.  Enterprise Software Initiative.  Place orders in accordance with the terms and conditions of the attached Enterprise Software Agreement(s), or instructions for obtaining commercial software or software maintenance from Enterprise Software Initiative inventories, and this authorization.  Attach a copy of this authorization to the order (unless a copy was previously furnished to the Enterprise Software Agreement contractor).  Insert the following statement in the order:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">This order is placed under written authorization from __________________________ dated___________ (*___________).  In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this order, and those of the Enterprise Software Agreement, the latter will govern.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">3<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">.  [Insert other provisions as necessary.]</i>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">4.  This authority is not transferable or assignable.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">5.  The DoD Activity Address Directory (DoDAAD) (DLM 4000.25, Volume 6, Chapter 2) Activity Address Code** to which this Authorization applies is ___________.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">6.  This Authorization expires _______________________________.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "/>
         <table frame="none" colsep="0" rowsep="0" class="- topic/table ">
            <tgroup cols="1"
                    colsep="0"
                    rowsep="0"
                    outputclass="Table"
                    class="- topic/tgroup ">
               <colspec colnum="1"
                        colname="1"
                        colwidth="100*"
                        colsep="0"
                        class="- topic/colspec "/>
               <tbody class="- topic/tbody ">
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">_____________________________</p>
                        <p class="- topic/p ">(Contracting Officer)</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
               </tbody>
            </tgroup>
         </table>
         <p class="- topic/p "/>
         <p class="- topic/p ">*     Insert “a copy of which is attached,” “a copy of which you have on file,” or other suitable language, as appropriate.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">**   The requiring activity assumes responsibility for monitoring and controlling all activity address codes used in the letters of authority.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
