<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_PGI_237.102-70"
            outputclass="4"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 237.102-70</ph> Prohibition on contracting for firefighting or security-guard functions.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)(i) To ensure that the personnel limitations in DFARS <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-237.102-70"
                  href="237.102-70.dita#DFARS_237.102-70">237.102-70</xref>(c)(1)(iv) are not exceeded, there is an office of primary responsibility (OPR) within each department or agency that is responsible for managing the total number of security-guard personnel on contract for the department or agency. </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Before finalizing a contract action that affects the number of security-guard personnel on contract, the contracting officer shall request, from the requiring activity, evidence of the OPR’s approval for the contract action. This requirement also applies to renewal or exercise of options for the same number of security-guard personnel, to ensure compliance with the statutory limitations/reductions specified for each fiscal year. </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) If the evidence of approval is not provided by the requiring activity, the contracting officer shall directly contact the applicable OPR for approval before finalizing the contract action. OPRs are as follows:</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) U.S. Army:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">HQ Department of the Army</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Office of the Provost Marshal General</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">2800 Army Pentagon</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Washington, DC 20310</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Phone: 703-695-4210 or 703-614-2597.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) U.S. Navy:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Commander, Navy Installations</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Command (CNIC) N3</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">2715 Mitscher Road, Suite 300</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Anacostia Annex</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Washington, DC 20373</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Phone: 202-409-4053.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) U.S. Marine Corps:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">HQ U.S. Marine Corps</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Assistant Deputy Commandant, Plans, Policy, &amp;</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Operations (Security)</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">3000 Marine Corps Pentagon</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Washington, DC 20350</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Phone: 571-201-3633.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D) U.S. Air Force:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">HQ Air Force </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Directorate of Security Forces</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Programs &amp; Resources Division (A7SX)</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">1340 AF Pentagon</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Washington, DC 20330</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Phone: 703-588-0027 or 703-588-0012.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(E) Pentagon Force Protection Agency:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Pentagon Force Protection Agency</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">9000 Defense Pentagon</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Washington, DC 20301</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Phone: 703-693-3685.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
