<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-PGI_PGI_204.7303-4"
            outputclass="4"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 204.7303-4</ph> DoD damage assessment activities.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) Prior to initiating damage assessment activities, the contracting officer shall verify that any contract identified in the cyber incident report includes the clause at DFARS <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-252.204-7012"
                  href="252.204-7012.dita#DFARS-252.204-7012"
                  xtrc="252.204-7012">252.204-7012</xref>. If the contracting officer determines that a contract identified in the report does not contain the clause, the contracting officer shall notify the requiring activity that damage assessment activities, if required, may be determined to constitute a change to the contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) In cases of cyber incidents involving multiple contracts, a single contracting officer will be designated to coordinate with the contractor regarding media submission (see 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_204.7303-3"
                  href="PGI_204.7303-3.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_204.7303-3"
                  xtrc="204.7303-3">PGI 204.7303-3</xref>
            (a)(2)).</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) If the requiring activity requests the contracting officer to obtain media, as defined in DFARS <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-252.204-7012"
                  href="252.204-7012.dita#DFARS-252.204-7012"
                  xtrc="252.204-7012">252.204-7012</xref>, from the contractor, the contracting officer shall—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Provide a written request for the media;</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Provide the contractor with the “Instructions for Media Submission” document available at http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/pgi/docs/Instructions_for_Submitting_Media.docx; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) Provide a copy of the request to DC3, electronically via email at dcise@dc3.mil, and the requiring activity.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d) If the contracting officer is notified by the requiring activity that media are not required, the contracting officer shall notify the contractor and simultaneously provide a copy of the notice to DC3 and the requiring activity.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e) The contracting officer shall document the action taken as required by paragraph (c) or (d) of this section, in the contract file.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(f) Upon receipt of the contractor media, DC3 will confirm receipt in writing to the contractor and the requesting contracting officer.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(g) Once the requiring activity determines that the damage assessment activities are complete, the requiring activity will provide the contracting officer with a report documenting the actions taken to close out the cyber incident.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
