<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-PGI_PGI_211.7001"
            outputclass="3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 211.7001</ph> Procedures.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">Requiring activities are responsible for developing and distributing purchase requests, except for the requirements for Military Interdepartmental Purchase Requests (MIPRs) (DD Form 448) addressed in <ph xtrc="PGIxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_253.208-1"
                     href="PGI_253.208-1.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_253.208-1">253.208-1</xref>
            </ph>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) Agencies may use a combined numbering series for MIPRs and internal purchase requests, following the rules at <ph xtrc="PGIxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_253.208-1"
                     href="PGI_253.208-1.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_253.208-1">253.208-1</xref>
            </ph>(c)(1) for both. If using a separate numbering sequence for internal purchase requests, procedures shall be in place to ensure that the same number cannot be assigned to both a MIPR and an internal purchase request. Use of a purely internal tracking number in addition to the purchase request number is authorized and supported by the data standards. Number the purchase request by using—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) The requiring activity’s Department of Defense Activity Address Code (DODAAC), as described in DLM 4000.25 Volume 6, Chapter 2. DODAACs may be verified at https://www.transactionservices.dla.mil/daasinq.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) A serial number of eight alphanumeric characters, excluding “I” and “O”; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) A revision number, with the original request being assigned zero and subsequent revisions or amendments being numbered consecutively. </p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) Prior to taking action on a purchase request, contracting officers shall ensure that the requiring activity has prepared the purchase requests in uniform contract format (see<ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 14.201-1</ph> and 15.204), except for procurement of construction (see part 36), which should follow the current edition of the Construction Specifications Institute format. Purchase requests shall include all supporting documentation required by local contract procedures.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) Prior to taking action on a purchase request, contracting officers shall ensure that the purchase requests follow the line item rules and data requirements in DFARS 204.71. Purchase requests for individual supplies (i.e., not bulk commodities such as oil) shall identify whether the item to be acquired is subject to the item unique identification requirements of DFARS <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-211.274-2"
                  href="211.274-2.dita#DFARS-211.274-2">211.274-2</xref>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)(1) Purchase requests may be unfunded for planning purposes, partially funded, or fully funded.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Funding data in purchase requests will, at a minimum, identify the following elements of the funding source: Department Code (e.g. 21 Army), Main Account (e.g. 1804, Operation and Maintenance, Navy), Subaccount (where applicable), and Fiscal Year. Lists of these codes are published in Supplement 1 to Volume I of the <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Treasury Financial Manual, Federal Account Symbols and Titles</i>, generally referred to as The FAST Book<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) Agencies shall have sufficient procedures in place to enable traceability of line items identified in the purchase request to those in the resulting contract. In developing such procedures, agencies shall ensure that provisions are made for circumstances in which the deliverables may be more completely defined during the process of soliciting offers and making an award.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e) Contracting officers shall not obligate funds that have not been certified as currently available and suitable. All purchase requests shall be reviewed and certified after agreement on price and prior to award to ensure that the funds are—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Suitable and available for the purpose and amount of the contract; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Traceable from the purchase request to the resultant contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(f) Purchase requests transmitted between requiring systems and contract writing systems shall be transmitted via the Global EXchange system (GEX) using the Purchase Request Data Standard Extensible Markup Language (XML) format (http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/pdi/eb/procurement_data_standard.html). Copies shall be sent via the GEX to the Electronic Data Access (EDA) (http://eda.ogden.disa.mil) system. Requiring systems and contract writing systems may use a format that can be translated to or from the purchase request Data Standard Extensible Markup Language (XML) format.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
