<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_PGI_229.170-3" outputclass="4" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
      <title>
         <ph props="autonumber">PGI 229.170-3</ph> Reports.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) Upon receipt of a notification
under the clause at DFARS <xref href="252.229-7011.dita#DFARS_252.229-7011" base="DFARS-252.229-7011" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">252.229-7011</xref>,
that a foreign tax has been imposed, submit the following information
to the applicable office identified in paragraph (2) of this subsection.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(i) Contractor name.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(ii) Contract number.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(iii) Contractor point of contact (Name,
phone number, FAX number, and e-mail address).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(iv) Amount of foreign taxes assessed by
each foreign government.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(v) Amount of any foreign taxes reimbursed
by each foreign government.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2) Submit the information required by
paragraph (1) of this subsection to—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(i) For Army contracts:</p>
         <p>Commander, U.S. Army Security Assistance Command</p>
         <p>ATTN:AMSAC-SR</p>
         <p>5701 21st Street</p>
         <p>Fort Belvoir, VA 22060-5940.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(ii) For Navy contracts:</p>
         <p>Navy International Programs Office</p>
         <p>ATTN: IPO 02C2F</p>
         <p>Nebraska Avenue Complex</p>
         <p>4255 Mt. Vernon Dr., Suite 17100</p>
         <p>Washington, DC 20393-5445.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(iii) For Air Force contracts:</p>
         <p>Secretary of the Air Force/International Affairs</p>
         <p>ATTN: SAF/IAPC</p>
         <p>1080 Air Force, Pentagon</p>
         <p>Washington, DC20330-1080.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(iv) For Marine Corps contracts:</p>
         <p>Navy International Programs Office</p>
         <p>ATTN: IPO 02C2F</p>
         <p>Nebraska Avenue Complex</p>
         <p>4255 Mt. Vernon Dr., Suite 17100</p>
         <p>Washington, DC 20393-5445.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(v) For all other DoD contracts:</p>
         <p>Defense Security Cooperation Agency</p>
         <p>ATTN: DBO-CFD</p>
         <p>201 12th Street South, Suite 203</p>
         <p>Arlington, VA 22202-5408.</p>
         <p>PGI 229.70—SPECIAL PROCEDURES FOR OVERSEAS CONTRACTS</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
