<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-PGI_PGI_232.7004"
            outputclass="3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 232.7004</ph> Contract clause instructions.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)(1) The clause <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-252.232-7006"
                  href="252.232-7006.dita#DFARS-252.232-7006">252.232-7006</xref>, Wide Area WorkFlow Payment Instructions, shall be located in the contract administration section of the contract (e.g., Section G).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Complete paragraph (f)(1) of the clause by selecting a document type from the list in (i) through (xix) below. Document type selection is contingent on contract type (e.g., fixed price, cost reimbursement), nature of the work being performed or product being acquired, and the entitlement system of the DoD Component. Use the guidance for Wide Area WorkFlow (WAWF) payment instructions found at https://wawf.eb.mil/ to determine which document types are available for each entitlement system. WAWF document types include—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Invoice (stand-alone) and Receiving Report (stand-alone);</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Fast Pay (<ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 52.213-1</ph>) Invoice (stand-alone) and Receiving Report (stand-alone);</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Invoice 2-in-1 (Services only);</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) Commercial Item Financing;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(v) Performance-Based Payment;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vi) Progress Payment;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vii) Invoice and Receiving Report (Combo) ( see paragraph (3) of this section);</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(viii) Fast Pay (<ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 52.213-1</ph>) Invoice and Receiving Report (Combo) ( see paragraph (3) of this section);</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ix) Cost Voucher (<ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 52.216-7</ph>, 52.232-7);</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(x) Cost Voucher–Shipbuilding;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(xi) Grant Voucher;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(xii) Navy Construction/Facilities Management Invoice;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(xiii) Navy Shipbuilding Invoice—Fixed Price;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(xiv) Telecom Invoice (Contractual);</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(xv) Reparables Receiving Report;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(xvi) Energy Invoice and Energy Receiving Report (Combo) (see paragraph (3) of this section);</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(xvii) Energy Invoice (stand-alone) and Energy Receiving Report (stand-alone); (xviii) Construction Payment Invoice; and </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(xix) Other document type, exactly as it appears in the WAWF system, as mutually agreed to by the contracting parties.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) A Combo document may be used with the stand-alone alternative, separated by “or” e.g. “(vii) Invoice and Receiving Report (Combo) or (i) Invoice (stand-alone) and Receiving Report (stand-alone)”; or “(viii) Fast Pay (<ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 52.213-1</ph>) Invoice and Receiving Report Combo or (ii) Fast Pay (<ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 52.213-1</ph>) Invoice (stand-alone) and Receiving Report (stand-alone).”</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) Complete paragraph (f)(2) of the clause only when document types, “Invoice (stand-alone) and Receiving Report (stand-alone)” and “Invoice and Receiving Report (Combo)” are used. Identify the applicable inspection and acceptance locations from the clause as follows:</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Inspection location: (select either “Source,” “Destination,” or “Other”).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Acceptance location: (select either “Source,” “Destination,” or “Other”).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5) Complete paragraph (f)(3) of the clause before contract award. Selection of applicable DoDAACs is dependent on the document type and the entitlement system used by the DoD Component.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) To determine applicable DoDAACs, use the guidance for WAWF payment instructions at https://wawf.eb.mil/.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) If a DoDAAC field is not listed in paragraph (f)(3) Routing Data Table, select “Other DoDAAC(s)” and list the DoDAAC field name(s) as they appear in the WAWF system and applicable DoDAAC(s).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) When multiple “Ship to” and inspection/acceptance locations” (i.e. DoDAACs) exist, enter “See schedule.” The corresponding schedule in the contract/order must cite all applicable DoDAACs.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Validate DoDAACs using the following resources:</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) For inspector, acceptor and local processing office roles, use https://wawf.eb.mil/ and click on the “Active DoDAACs &amp; Roles link” in the “Help” section on the home page to validate active DoDAACs and user roles in WAWF.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) For all other DoDAACs, use https://www.daas.dla.mil/daasinq/.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6) Complete paragraph (f)(5) by entering e-mail addresses of other Government personnel requiring status of the payment request, if applicable.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(7) Complete paragraph (g) by entering the WAWF point of contact information, if applicable.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
