<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_PGI_209.406-3"
            outputclass="4"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 209.406-3</ph> Procedures.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Investigation and referral</i>.
When referring any matter to the agency debarring and suspending
official for consideration, provide the following specific information
and documentation, to the extent practicable. Send two copies (one
paper and one electronic) of each report, including enclosures.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) For all referrals, provide the following:</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Name, address, and telephone number
of the point of contact for the activity making the report.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Name and address of the referred individual/contractor,
CAGE code, and DUNS number, if applicable.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) Name and addresses of the members of
the board, principal officers, partners, owners, and managers of
the referred contractor.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D) Name and addresses of all known affiliates,
subsidiaries, or parent firms, and the nature of the business relationship
to the referred individual/contractor.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(E) If a contracting office initiates the
report, the comments and recommendations of the contracting officer
and of each higher-level contracting review authority regarding—</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) Whether to suspend or debar
the contractor;</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) Whether to apply limitations
to the suspension or debarment;</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>) The period of any recommended
debarment; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">4</i>) Whether to continue any current
contracts with the contractor (or explain why a recommendation regarding current
contracts is not included).</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(F) To the extent that this information
is available through FPDS-NG, a list of other agencies that hold
current contracts with the referred individual/contractor.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) For referrals based on judicial actions
(indictments, convictions, civil judgments, etc.), provide the following:</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Copies of indictments, judgments, and
sentencing actions.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Copies of investigative reports when
authorized by the investigative agency.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) Witness statements or affidavits when
authorized by the investigative agency.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D) If judicial action is contract-related,
the contract number, description of supplies or services, and contract amount.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) For “fact-based” referrals (no judicial
action), for each contract affected by the misconduct or poor performance being
reported, provide the following:</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) The contract number, description of
supplies or services, contract amount, percentage of completion,
and amounts paid to and withheld from the contractor.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Whether the contract is assigned under
the Assignment of Claims Act and, if so, to whom.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) The contract fund citations involved,
to expedite accurate return of funds to open accounts and commands,
as appropriate.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D) For any other contracts outstanding
with the contractor or any of its affiliates, the contract number,
description of supplies or services, and contract amount.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(E) A complete summary of all pertinent
evidence and the status of any legal proceedings involving the contractor.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(F) An estimate of any damages sustained
by the Government as a result of the contractor’s action (explain
how the estimate was calculated).</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(G) A copy of pertinent extracts of each
pertinent contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(H) Copies of investigative reports when
authorized by the investigative agency.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(I) Witness statements or affidavits when
authorized by the investigative agency.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(J) A copy of any available determinations
of nonresponsibility in accordance with FAR 9.105-2(a)(1).</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(K) Any other appropriate exhibits or documentation.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) Decision making process.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) The agency debarring and suspending
official shall follow the procedures and decision making process
stated in FAR 9.406-3(c)
for proposed debarments and debarments) and FAR 9.407-3 (for suspensions), DFARS
Appendix H, and any agency-specific procedures that are to be provided
to the individual/contractor with the notice of proposed debarment
or suspension, either by enclosure or electronic reference.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) The absence of a referral in accordance
with this section, or the absence of any information specified in
this section, will not preclude the debarring and suspending official
from making decisions to suspend, propose for debarment, or debar
an individual/contractor.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) The signature of the debarring and
suspending official on the notice of suspension, proposed debarment,
or debarment is sufficient evidence that the debarring and suspending
official has made the specified decision.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) If a debarring and suspending official
determines that a referral lacks sufficient evidence of a cause
for suspension or debarment, the debarring and suspending official
may refer the matter for further review or investigation, as appropriate,
by an appropriate agency or other Government entity, including a
contracting activity, inspector general, auditing agency, or a criminal
investigative agency.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
