<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_PGI_229.7001"
            outputclass="3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 229.7001</ph> Tax exemption in Spain.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) The Joint United States Military Group (JUSMG), Spain Policy Directive 400.4, or subsequent directive, applies to U.S. contracting offices acquiring supplies or services in Spain when the introduction of material or equipment into Spain is required for contract performance.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) Upon award of a contract with a Direct Contractor, as defined in the clause at DFARS <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-252.229-7004"
                  href="252.229-7004.dita#DFARS_252.229-7004">252.229-7004</xref>, the contracting officer will notify JUSMG-MAAG Madrid, Spain, and HQ 16AF/LGTT and will forward three copies of the contract to JUSMG-MAAG, Spain.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) If copies of the contract are not available and duty-free import of equipment or materials is urgent, the contracting officer will send JUSMG-MAAG three copies of the Letter of Intent or a similar document indicating the pending award. In these cases, authorization for duty-free import will be issued by the Government of Spain. Upon formal award, the contracting officer will forward three copies of the completed contract to JUSMG-MAAG, Spain.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d) The contracting officer will notify JUSMG-MAAG, Spain, and HQ 16AF/LGTT of ports-of-entry and identify the customs agents who will clear property on their behalf. Additional documents required for port-of-entry and customs clearance can be obtained by contacting HQ 16AF/LGTT. This information will be passed to the Secretaria General Tecnica del Ministerio de Hacienda (Technical General Secretariat of the Ministry of Finance). A list of customs agents may be obtained from the 600 ABG, APO AE 09646.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
