<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-PGI_PGI_204.7107"
            outputclass="3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 204.7107</ph> Contract accounting classification reference number (ACRN) and agency accounting identifier (AAI).</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Establishing the contract ACRN</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) The contracting office issuing the contract is responsible for assigning ACRNs. This authority shall not be delegated. If more than one office will use the contract (e.g., ordering officers, other contracting officers), the contract must contain instructions for assigning ACRNs.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) ACRNs shall be established in accordance with the following guidelines:</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Do not use the letters I and O.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) In no case shall an ACRN apply to more than one accounting classification citation, nor shall more than one ACRN be assigned to one accounting classification citation.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Establishing an AAI.</i> An AAI, as detailed http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/policy/policyvault/USA002246-09-DPAP.pdf, is a six-digit data element that identifies a system in which accounting for specific funds is performed. The funding office will provide to the contracting office the AAI associated with the funding for each line item.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) Capturing accounting and appropriations data in procurement. Procurement instruments shall identify the funding used for the effort in one of two ways.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) In legacy system environments where the contracting and accounting processes are not sufficiently integrated to ensure use of the Procurement Instrument Identifiers (PIIDs) (see DFARS Subpart <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">204.16</ph>) and line item numbers as common keys, the contract shall include the accounting and appropriations data and ACRN as follows:</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Show the ACRN as a detached prefix to the accounting classification citation in the accounting and appropriations data block or, if there are too many accounting classification citations to fit reasonably in that block, in section G (Contract Administration Data).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) ACRNs need not prefix accounting classification citations if the accounting classification citations are present in the contract only for the transportation officer to cite to Government bills of lading.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) If the contracting officer is making a modification to a contract and using the same accounting classification citations, which have had ACRNs assigned to them, the modification need cite only the ACRNs in the accounting and appropriations data block or on the continuation sheets.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) Showing the ACRN in the contract. If there is more than one ACRN in a contract, all the ACRNs will appear in several places in the schedule (e.g., ACRN: AA).</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Ship-to/mark-for block. Show the ACRN beside the identity code of each activity in the ship-to/mark-for block unless only one accounting classification citation applies to a line item or subline item. Only one ACRN may be assigned to the same ship-to/mark-for within the same contract line or subline item number unless multiple accounting classification citations apply to a single nonseverable deliverable unit such that the item cannot be related to an individual accounting classification citation.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Supplies/services column.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) If only one accounting classification citation applies to a line item or a subline item, the ACRN shall be shown in the supplies/services column near the item description.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) If more than one accounting classification citation applies to a single contract line item, identify each assigned ACRN and the amount of associated funds using informational subline items (see DFARS <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-204.7104-1"
                  href="204.7104-1.dita#DFARS-204.7104-1">204.7104-1</xref>(a)).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) The contract shall include AAIs and ACRNs in system environments where the accounting systems are able to use PIIDs and line item numbers as common keys to enable traceability of funding to contract actions. Include AAIs and ACRNs as follows: </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Showing the ACRN in the contract. If there is more than one ACRN in a contract, all the ACRNs will appear in several places in the schedule (e.g., ACRN: AA).</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Ship-to/mark-for block. Show the ACRN beside the identity code of each activity in the ship-to/mark-for block unless only one accounting classification citation applies to a line item or subline item. Only one ACRN may be assigned to the same ship-to/mark-for within the same contract line or subline item number unless multiple accounting classification citations apply to a single nonseverable deliverable unit such that the item cannot be related to an individual accounting classification citation.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Supplies/services column.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) If only one accounting classification citation applies to a line item or a subline item, the ACRN shall be shown in the supplies/services column near the item description.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) If more than one accounting classification citation applies to a single contract line item, identify each assigned ACRN and the amount of associated funds using informational subline items (see DFARS <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-204.7104-1"
                  href="204.7104-1.dita#DFARS-204.7104-1">204.7104-1</xref>(a)).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Showing the AAI in the contract. If there is more than one AAI in a contract, show the AAI in the supplies/services column of the Schedule next to the ACRN. A sample showing the AAI is as follows:</p>
         <table frame="none" colsep="0" rowsep="0" class="- topic/table ">
            <tgroup cols="6"
                    colsep="0"
                    rowsep="0"
                    outputclass="Table"
                    class="- topic/tgroup ">
               <colspec colnum="1"
                        colname="1"
                        colwidth="13*"
                        colsep="0"
                        class="- topic/colspec "
                        rowheader="headers"/>
               <colspec colnum="2"
                        colname="2"
                        colwidth="29*"
                        colsep="0"
                        class="- topic/colspec "
                        rowheader="headers"/>
               <colspec colnum="3"
                        colname="3"
                        colwidth="16*"
                        colsep="0"
                        class="- topic/colspec "
                        rowheader="headers"/>
               <colspec colnum="4"
                        colname="4"
                        colwidth="9*"
                        colsep="0"
                        class="- topic/colspec "
                        rowheader="headers"/>
               <colspec colnum="5"
                        colname="5"
                        colwidth="15*"
                        colsep="0"
                        class="- topic/colspec "
                        rowheader="headers"/>
               <colspec colnum="6"
                        colname="6"
                        colwidth="17*"
                        colsep="0"
                        class="- topic/colspec "
                        rowheader="headers"/>
               <tbody class="- topic/tbody ">
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">ITEM NO</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">SUPPLIES/SERVICES</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">QUANTITY</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">UNIT</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">UNIT </p>
                        <p class="- topic/p ">PRICE</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">AMOUNT</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">0002</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">BRU-32 B/A </p>
                        <p class="- topic/p ">Ejector Bomb Rack</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">23</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">Each</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">$22,206.00</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">$510,738.00</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
               </tbody>
            </tgroup>
         </table>
         <p class="- topic/p ">MILSTRIP: N0001906P7PM230</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">PURCHASE REQUEST NUMBER: 0010144885-0001</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">ACRN: AA</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">AAI: 050119</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
