<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_PGI_242.7401"
            outputclass="3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 242.7401</ph> Procedures.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  When the program, project, or system manager determines that a technical representative is required, the manager shall issue a letter of intent to the contract administration office commander listing the assignment location, starting and ending assignment dates, technical duties assigned, delegated authority, and support required from the contract administration office.  Any issues regarding the assignment of a technical representative should be resolved promptly.  However, final decision on the assignment remains with the program manager.  Issues regarding the assignment of technical duties that cannot be resolved between the program office and the on-site DoD contract administration office will be elevated.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  The program, project, or system manager will furnish the designated technical representative a letter of assignment of delegated technical duties, with copies to the contract administration office, the contracting officer, and the contractor, at least 30 days before the assignment date (or termination date).  Any changes to the requirements of the assignment letter will be made by a new letter of intent and processed in accordance with paragraph (1) of this section.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  The contract administration office normally provides the technical representative with office space, equipment, supplies, and part-time clerical support.  The program, project, or system manager provides supervision, technical direction, administrative services (e.g., pay, travel, maintenance of personnel records), and, when required, full-time clerical support.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4)  The program manager or designee and the contract administration office, at the local level, shall negotiate a memorandum of agreement (MOA) delineating their functional administrative interrelationships, with annual updates as necessary.  The agreements may be included in an existing MOA, if one exists, or as a separate MOA.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5)  The technical representative shall keep the contract administration office commander fully informed of matters discussed with the contractor.  The contract administration office shall also keep the technical representative fully informed of contractor discussions that relate to technical matters within the purview of the technical representative's assigned duties.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
