<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-PGI_PGI_213.307"
            outputclass="3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 213.307</ph> Forms.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) If SF 1449 is not used, use DD Form 1155 in accordance with paragraph (b)(i) of this section.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)(i) Use DD Form 1155, Order for Supplies or Services, for purchases made using simplified acquisition procedures.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) The DD Form 1155 serves as a—</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) Purchase order or blanket purchase agreement;</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) Delivery order or task order;</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>) Receiving and inspection report;</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">4</i>) Property voucher;</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">5</i>) Document for acceptance by the supplier; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">6</i>) Public voucher, when used as—</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">i</i>) A delivery order;</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ii</i>) The basis for payment of an invoice against blanket purchase agreements or basic ordering agreements when a firm-fixed-price has been established; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">iii</i>) A purchase order for acquisitions using simplified acquisition procedures.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) The DD Form 1155 is also authorized for use for—</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) Orders placed in accordance with FAR Subparts <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">8.4</ph>, <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">8.6</ph>, <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">8.7</ph>, and <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">16.5</ph>; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) Classified acquisitions when the purchase is made within the United States or its outlying areas. Attach the DD Form 254, Contract Security Classification Specification, to the purchase order.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Do not use Optional Form 347, Order for Supplies or Services, or Optional Form 348, Order for Supplies or Services Schedule—Continuation.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Use Standard Form 30, Amendment of Solicitation/Modification of Contract, to—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Modify a purchase order; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Cancel a unilateral purchase order.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
