<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_PGI_228.305"
            outputclass="3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 228.305</ph> Overseas workers' compensation and war-hazard insurance.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d) Submit requests for waiver through department/agency channels. Include the following in the request:</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Name and address of contractor.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Contract number.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Date of award.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) Place of performance.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(v) Name of insurance company providing Defense Base Act coverage.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vi) Nationality of employees to whom waiver is to apply.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vii) Reason for waiver.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
