<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_239.7402"
            outputclass="3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 239.7402</ph> Policy.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Foreign carriers</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Frequently, foreign carriers are owned
by the government of the country in which they operate. The foreign
governments often prescribe the methods of doing business.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) In contracts for telecommunications
services in foreign countries, describe the rates and practices
in as much detail as possible. It is DoD policy not to pay discriminatory
rates. DoD will pay a reasonable rate for telecommunications services
or the rate charged the military of that country, whichever is less.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Refer special problems with telecommunications
acquisition in foreign countries to higher headquarters for resolution
with appropriate State Department representatives.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Long-haul telecommunications services.</i>DISA
will acquire all long-haul telecommunications services for DoD.
See <xref href="http://www.dtic.mil/whs/directives/corres/pdf/510519p.pdf"
                  format="pdf"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">DoD Directive 5105.19</xref>,
Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA).</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
