<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2" domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_PGI_225.7901-2" outputclass="4" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 225.7901-2</ph> General.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">DoD Focal Point on Export
Controls.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Within DoD, the focal point on export
controls is the Defense Technology Security Administration (DTSA).
Official authorities and responsibilities of DTSA are established
in DoD Directive 5105.72.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Initial DoD acquisition workforce
questions regarding the applicability of the Export Administration
Regulations (EAR) or the International Traffic in Arms Regulations
(ITAR) to specific procurements or items, or interpretation of DoD
issuances regarding export controls, may be directed to the DTSA
Policy Directorate, by phone at 571-372-2438/2377 or by visiting
the DTSA web site at: http://www.dtsa.mil/SitePages/contact-us/default.aspx.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Regulations</i>. The Department
of State and the Department of Commerce are the lead agencies responsible
for regulations governing the export of defense articles, commercial
items, and dual use items.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The International Traffic in Arms
Regulations (ITAR)</i>, issued by the Department of State, control
the export of defense-related articles and services, including technical
data, ensuring compliance with the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C.
2751 <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">et</i>
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">seq</i>.). The United States Munitions List (USML)
identifies defense articles, services, and related technical data
that are inherently military in character and could, if exported,
jeopardize national security or foreign policy interests of the
United States.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) The ITAR is published in Title 22 of
the Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 120 through 130 (22
CFR 120-130). The official version of the ITAR is maintained at
http://www.gpoaccess.gov/cfr/index.html. The Department of State
also maintains an on-line version at http://www.pmddtc.state.gov/regulations_laws/itar_official.html.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) The USML is part of the ITAR, in 22
CFR Part 121, and is available at the web sites in paragraph (2)
(i) (A) of this section.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) The Department of State is responsible
for compliance with the ITAR. Depending on the nature of questions you
may have, you may contact the following Department of State office
to obtain additional information:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">U.S. Department of State</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Bureau of Political Military Affairs</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Directorate of Defense Trade Controls</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Office of Defense Trade Controls Compliance</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">http://www.pmddtc.state.gov/about/contact_information.html.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D) Contracting officers should not answer
any questions a contractor may ask regarding how to comply with
the ITAR. If asked, the contracting officer should direct the contractor’s
attention to paragraph (c) of the clause at DFARS <xref href="252.225-7048.dita#DFARS_252.225-7048" base="DFARS-252.225-7048" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref ">252.225-7048</xref> and
may inform the contractor that the Department of State publishes
guidance regarding ITAR compliance at http://www.pmddtc.state.gov/compliance/index.html.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(E) Contracting officers should not answer
any questions a contractor may ask regarding the State Department requirement,
mentioned in the clause at <xref href="252.225-7048.dita#DFARS_252.225-7048" base="DFARS-252.225-7048" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref ">252.225-7048</xref>,
for contractors to register with the Department of State in accordance
with the ITAR. If asked, the contracting officer should direct the
contractor’s attention to paragraph (b) of the clause, which directs
the contractor to consult with the Department of State regarding
any questions relating to compliance with the ITAR. (The registration
requirements are in Subpart 122.1 of the ITAR. Subpart 122.1 requires
any person who engages in the United States in the business of either
manufacturing or exporting defense articles or furnishing defense
services to register with the Directorate of Defense Trade Controls.)</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The Export Administration Regulations
(EAR)</i>, issued by the Department of Commerce, control the export
of dual-use items, (items that have both commercial and military
or proliferation applications) and purely commercial items. These
items include commodities, software, and technology. Many items
subject to the EAR are set forth by Export Control Classification
Number on the Commerce Control List.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) The EAR is published in Title 15 of
the Code of Federal Regulations, Parts 730 through 774 (15 CFR Parts
730-774), available at http://www.gpoaccess.gov/cfr/index.html and
http://www.access.gpo.gov/bis/ear/ear_data.html.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) The Commerce Control List is part of
the EAR, in Supplement No. 1 to 15 CFR Part 774, and is available
at http://www.gpoaccess.gov/cfr/index.html and http://www.access.gpo.gov/bis/ear/ear_data.html.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) The Department of Commerce is responsible
for compliance with the EAR. Depending on the nature of questions you
may have, you may contact the following Department of Commerce office
to obtain additional information:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">U.S. Department of Commerce</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Bureau of Industry and Security</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Office of Exporter Services (OExS)</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">OExS Hotline: 202-482-4811.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D) Contracting officers should not answer
any questions a contractor may ask regarding how to comply with
the EAR. If asked, the contracting officer should direct the contractor’s
attention to paragraph (b) of the clause at DFARS <xref href="252.225-7048.dita#DFARS_252.225-7048" base="DFARS-252.225-7048" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref ">252.225-7048</xref> and
may inform the contractor that the Department of Commerce publishes
guidance regarding EAR compliance at http://www.bis.doc.gov/.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">National Security Decision Directive
(NSDD) 189, National Policy on the Transfer of Scientific, Technical,
and Engineering Information</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) NSDD 189 establishes a national policy
that, to the maximum extent possible, the products of fundamental
research shall remain unrestricted. NSDD 189 provides that no restrictions
may be placed upon the conduct or reporting of federally funded
fundamental research that has not received national security classification,
except as provided in applicable U.S. statutes. As a result, contracts
confined to the performance of unclassified fundamental research
generally do not involve any export-controlled items, as defined
in paragraph (a) of the clause at DFARS <xref href="252.225-7048.dita#DFARS_252.225-7048" base="DFARS-252.225-7048" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref ">252.225-7048</xref>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) NSDD 189 does not take precedence
over statutes. NSDD 189 does not exempt any research, whether basic,
fundamental, or applied, from statutes that apply to export controls
such as the Arms Export Control Act, the Export Administration Act
of 1979, as amended, or the U.S. International Emergency Economic
Powers Act, or the regulations that implement those statutes (the
ITAR and the EAR). Thus, if export-controlled items are used to
conduct research or are generated as part of the research efforts,
the export control laws and regulations apply to the controlled items.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) NSDD 189 is available at http://www.fas.org/irp/offdocs/nsdd/nsdd-189.htm.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">DoD Instruction 2040.02, International
Transfers of Technology, Articles, and Services</i>. This DoD instruction
provides guidance to manage and control transfers of technology,
articles, and services consistent with U.S. foreign policy and national
security objectives. DoD Instruction 2040.02 is available at http://www.dtic.mil/whs/directives/.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Other DoD Issuances.</i> Other DoD
issuances that address export control matters include those listed
below. Except as otherwise noted, these issuances are available
at http://www.dtic.mil/whs/directives/.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">• DoD Instruction 2015.4, Defense Research, Development, Test
and Evaluation (RDT&amp;E) Information Exchange Program (IEP).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">• DoD Directive 5000.1, The Defense Acquisition System.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">• DoD Instruction 5000.2, Operation of the Defense Acquisition
System.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">• DoD Directive 5105.72, Defense Technology Security Administration
(DTSA).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">• DoD Publication 5200.1-M, Acquisition Systems Protection Program.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">• DoD Instruction 5200.39, Critical Program Information (CPI)
Protection Within the Department of Defense.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">• DoD Publication 5220.22-M, National Industrial Security Program
Operating Manual (NISPOM).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">• DoD Directive 5230.25, Withholding of Unclassified Technical
Data From Public Disclosure.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">• DoD Instruction 5230.27, Presentation of DoD-Related Scientific
and Technical Papers at Meetings.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">• Defense Acquisition Guidebook, available at http://akss.dau.mil/dag/DoD5000.asp?view=document&amp;doc=1.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">• Under Secretary of Defense (Intelligence) Memorandum, Subject:
Policy and Procedures for Sanitization of Department of Defense
(DoD) Classified or Controlled Unclassified Information Prior to
Public Release, is available here</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Link to online training on export controls:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">CLM 036 Technology Transfer and Export Control Fundamentals,
http://icatalog.dau.mil/onlinecatalog/courses.aspx?crs_id=306</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
