<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_236.211"
            outputclass="3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            rev="Revised October 30, 2023">
      <title class="- topic/title "> 
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 236.211</ph> Special situations.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p outputclass="List1">(b)(2)(A) The contracting officer shall report data on the timelines for definitization of all requests for equitable adjustment (REAs) for change orders received from contractors under construction contracts. The contracting officer shall report this data using the PALT/Protest/REA Tracker module in the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment at <xref href="https://piee.eb.mil" format="html" scope="external">https://piee.eb.mil</xref> within 10 business days of definitization. Data to be reported includes—</p>
         <p outputclass="List6"> (<i>1</i>) The contract number against which the REA was submitted;</p>
         <p outputclass="List6"> (<i>2</i>) The contractor that submitted the REA;</p>
         <p outputclass="List6"> (3) Date of receipt of the REA; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List6"> (4) Date of definitization of the REA and contract modification number.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4"> (B) Individually reported records will be aggregated by the PALT/Protest/REA Tracker module. The PALT/Protest/REA Tracker module will aggregate the timelines for the definitization of REAs for change orders under construction contracts. Contracting officers shall attach the aggregate results for the military department or defense agency to solicitations in accordance with FAR 36.211. See PGI <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" href="PGI_205.205.dita"/>(h) for further instructions regarding the solicitation notice.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
