<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-PGI_PGI_204.606"
            outputclass="3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 204.606</ph> Reporting data.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">Do not enter a generic DUNS number used for reporting to the Federal Procurement Data System (FPDS) (see FAR Subpart <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">4.6</ph>), nor a generic CAGE code that corresponds to a generic DUNS number, on any contractual document. These generic codes shall only be used for reporting to FPDS. Using the generic codes on actual contract actions masks the true identity of the vendor and immediately makes any accurate electronic processing of invoices, receiving reports, and payments impossible; and can, in fact, result in misdirected payments. As a reminder FAR Subpart <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">4.18</ph> requires each contractor be identified by its actual CAGE code on contract actions; there is no exemption to the requirement for an actual CAGE code.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Methods of reporting to FPDS</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Individual contract action report (CAR) (one CAR per contract action)</i>. The normal method of reporting to FPDS is through the use of individual CARs.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) An individual CAR is required to be reported for each of the following types of awards regardless of the estimated value of the award:</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) Indefinite-delivery contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) Blanket purchase agreement (prescribed by FAR parts 8 or 13).</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>) Basic ordering agreement.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">4</i>) Basic agreement (only if the agreement has a value and potential obligations greater than $0).</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">5</i>) Task and delivery orders and calls issued under any agreement or indefinite-delivery contract (including Federal Supply Schedules, Governmentwide acquisition contracts, or multi-agency contracts).</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">6</i>) Modification to any contract, agreement, order, or call where a CAR is required for the base award regardless of the amount being obligated or deobligated on the modification.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) An individual CAR is required to be reported for each of the following types of awards when the award process was conducted using other than micro-purchase procedures and the value is greater than the micro-purchase threshold (MPT):</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">i</i>) Purchase order.</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ii</i>) Definitive contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) Although a contract action report is not required for these awards when micro-purchase procedures were followed and the value is less than the MPT, it is encouraged as a best practice if the award was not accomplished using the Governmentwide commercial purchase card (GPC) or a Standard Form 44. Additionally, when the purchase order or definitive contract being awarded is in response to a contingency, an individual report is required when the value of the award is greater than $25,000, not the MPT of $30,000 referenced in FAR part 2.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) See paragraphs (1)(ii) and (iii) of this section for exceptions to individual reporting.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Multiple CARs (more than one CAR per contract action)</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Prepare multiple CARs if the contract or order award is anticipated to include both foreign funding and U.S. funding.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) The determination of whether multiple CARs are needed for the situations described in paragraph (1)(ii)(A) of this section is made when the contract or order is awarded. Contracting officers are not required to delete and re-enter CARs in FPDS as multiple CARs if, during the life of the contract or order, subsequent unanticipated modifications make the award eligible for multiple CARs.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) The following multiple CAR transaction identification numbers have been established for reporting multiple CARs and shall be used by all DoD contracting offices. Do not use transaction numbers other than “0” if the requirements for multiple CARs in paragraphs (1)(ii)(A) and (B) of this section do not apply at the time of contract or order award. When reporting modifications, include the transaction number that was reported on the initial base award in order to properly identify the referenced contract action report. If the situation described in paragraph (1)(ii)(A) of this section exists, transaction numbers should be assigned based on foreign military sales (FMS) and non-FMS rather than by type of contract pricing arrangement. Do not use multiple CARs with transaction numbers other than “0” if the entire award is expected to be funded by foreign funding.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Transaction Type	Transaction Number</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">No multiple CARs			0</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">FMS						14</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Non-FMS				16</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Express reporting (consolidated reporting of multiple contract actions, to be submitted at least monthly).</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Express reporting may be used for—</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) Multiple contract actions against a single contract or agreement, when monthly volume of actions is such that individual contract action reporting is overly burdensome (e.g., orders placed by the Defense Commissary Agency; installation housing maintenance; and recurring blanket purchase agreement actions);</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) Multiple contract actions accomplished away from the contracting office, such as ships away from home port; contingency, humanitarian, or peacekeeping operations; or other remote deployments;</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>) Multiple delivery orders that use the GPC as both the method of purchase and payment under Federal Supply Schedules, Governmentwide acquisition contracts (GWACs), blanket purchase agreements (BPAs), basic ordering agreements (BOAs), and other indefinite-delivery type contracts;</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">4</i>) Multiple contract actions for energy-related supplies and associated services accomplished by Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) Energy; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">5</i>) Orders under communications service agreements for local dial tone services, in accordance with agency procedures.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) When express reports reflect more than one contractor for overseas actions or consolidated delivery orders made using the GPC where identification of the contract or agreement is not possible, use the appropriate generic DUNS number.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) When express reports are used, sum all of the actions and enter in the “Number of Actions” data field. Also sum all of the obligations and enter in the “Action Obligation,” “Base and Exercised Options Value,” and “Base and All Options Value” data fields. Express reports shall be submitted no less frequently than monthly.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D) When express reports are used, the contracting officer must maintain a log of individual actions being summarized on the express reports and ensure it is available for audit purposes. Logs must include the following, at a minimum, for each action: procurement instrument identifier (PIID) used for the express report under which action is summarized, referenced Indefinite-Delivery Vehicles (IDV) PIID (if the express report is summarizing task/delivery/call orders), date of award, obligation amount, vendor name, and DUNS number (if known).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Actions not reported</i>. In addition, to the types of actions listed in <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 4.606</ph>(c), do not report the following types of actions to FPDS:</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Orders placed by ordering officers against IDVs awarded by—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) The United States Transportation Command (USTRANSCOM) or its components for decentralized transportation-related services. USTRANSCOM will report these orders. Contracting officers shall submit consolidated reports of orders (bookings/bills of lading) at least annually to USTRANSCOM; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) DLA Energy for energy-related supplies and associated services using defensewide working capital funds. DLA Energy will report these orders. It is the responsibility of the contracting office to ensure that orders placed against these vehicles using other than defensewide working capital funds are reported to FPDS.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Contracts, agreements, or orders that are themselves classified.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Specific instructions for entering data in FPDS</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Contracting officers shall choose the correct FPDS format (e.g., purchase order, basic ordering agreement (BOA), blanket purchase agreement (BPA)) to report the award of a new contract, agreement, or order. Note that prior to fiscal year (FY)10, DoD offices reported BOAs and BPAs as IDCs in FPDS; BPA calls issued under those pre-FY10 reported BPAs are reported using the task/delivery order format in FPDS. BPA calls issued under DoD issued BPAs reported FY10 or later or any civilian agency issued BPA should be reported using the BPA call format.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) The remaining instructions in this section cover the different sections of an FPDS contract action report, as presented to the user in the system. Not every data element is addressed here, as many are self-explanatory. Users should also consult the FPDS User Manual referenced in PGI <ph xtrc="PGIxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_204.602"
                     href="PGI_204.602.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_204.602">204.602</xref>
            </ph>(1)(iii) for more complete descriptions and examples. Also, the instructions in this section use data field names based on what is shown to the user while entering data in FPDS; for more specific information, review the FPDS Data Element Dictionary referenced in PGI <ph xtrc="PGIxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_204.602"
                     href="PGI_204.602.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_204.602">204.602</xref>
            </ph>(1)(i).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">FPDS Entry – Document Information Section</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Enter the new contract, agreement, or order number in the “Procurement Instrument Identifier” data field. Note that new awards will be reflected as Modification 0 in FPDS.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) If the action is a BPA awarded against a Federal Supply Schedule, enter the Federal Supply Schedule contract number in the “Referenced IDV ID” data field.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) If the action is a delivery order awarded against a Federal Supply Schedule, Governmentwide acquisition contract (GWAC), BOA, or other IDC; enter that contract or BOA number in the “Referenced IDV ID” data field.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D) If the action is a BPA call awarded against a BPA, enter the BPA number in the “Referenced IDV ID” data field.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(E) If the action is a modification, enter the contract, agreement, or order number in the “Procurement Instrument Identifier” data field and the modification number in the “Modification Number” data field.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(F) If multiple reports are required by paragraph (1)(ii) of this section, then enter the appropriate transaction number in the “Transaction Number” data field.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(G) If the award is associated with a solicitation, enter the solicitation number in the “Solicitation ID” data field.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(H) If the award is associated with an initiative identified in FPDS (e.g., American Recovery and Reinvestment Act), choose the appropriate value in the “Treasury Account Symbol Initiative” data field.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">FPDS Entry –Treasury Account Symbol (TAS) data fields</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) TAS data fields are no longer required to be entered in FPDS (as of July 2016) and should be left blank; however, if correcting TAS data fields on a previously reported contract action report follow the instructions in this section.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) The TAS should be provided by the requiring organization with the purchase request, and is often part of the line of accounting. The list of valid TAS is maintained by the Department of Treasury in the FASTBook; an on-line version of the FASTBook is available at http://www.fms.treas.gov/fastbook/index.html. Each TAS reported to FPDS includes a character agency identifier and a four character main account code (example: 97 0100). Some TAS also require a three character subaccount code. Note that the Department of Treasury FASTBook indicates a transition from a two character agency identifier to a three character agency identifier. However at this time, DoD contracting officers are advised to drop the leading zero (0) from a three character agency identifier, and enter the next two characters in FPDS (e.g., 097 becomes 97).</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) Report the TAS on CARs for each contract action with an obligation amount other than $0. The TAS that is reported on a CAR should represent the predominant type of funding in terms of absolute dollars obligated and deobligated on the specific contract action being reported.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D) For contract actions awarded by working capital funds offices, and the original type of funds received from the customer are not tied to specific procurements or otherwise identifiable, use the TAS that represents the working capital funds provided.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(E) For contract actions funded by foreign governments, and those funds are not considered under the Foreign Military Financing Program identified by the Department of Treasury in its FASTBook, in order to report the action to FPDS using the code that most closely approximates the use of the funds, then enter—</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) 97 0100 (Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide, Defense) as the TAS for requirements that can be categorized as operations and maintenance in nature;</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) 97 0300 (Procurement, Defense-Wide) as the TAS for requirements that can be categorized as procurement in nature; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>) 97 0400 (Research, Development, Test, and Evaluation, Defense-Wide) as the TAS for requirements that can be categorized as research and development in nature.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(F) USTRANSCOM should use 97 0100 (Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide, Defense) as the TAS when reporting the consolidated orders of from their decentralized transportation-related services contracts.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(v) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">FPDS Entry – Dates Section</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) The “Date Signed” data field represents the date the contracting officer signed or otherwise awarded the contract action. </p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) The “Effective Date” data field represents the date the period of performance begins. For actions where an authorization to proceed was given prior to the signed contract action, use the date of the authorization in this data element.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) The date entered in the “Completion Date” data field shall be the latest period of performance / delivery date of all of the exercised line items on the contract or order. This data field shall be updated on the contract action report used to report the modification whenever line items are added or exercised by modification that extend the period of performance / delivery date beyond what was previously entered, including the exercise of any option years.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D) The date entered in the “Estimated Ultimate Completion Date” data field shall be the latest period of performance / delivery date of all line items on the contract or order, including unexercised line items and option years. This data field shall be updated on the contract action report used to report the modification whenever line items are added or changed by modification that extend the period of performance/delivery date beyond what was previously entered.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(E) The date entered in the “Last Date to Order” data field on IDCs, BOAs, and BPAs shall be the last date allowed by the contract for the contractor to accept orders. This data field shall be updated whenever this date is changed by modification from what was previously entered.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(F) The “Solicitation Date” data field generally represents the date an Invitation for Bids, Request for Quotation, or Request for Proposal was issued to potential bidders or offerors. However, follow the instructions below for other situations where an IFB, RFQ, or RFP is not issued:</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) When the action is the award of an order using existing pre-priced line items under an ordering instrument where no proposal is required (i.e., there are no elements of the delivery or performance to negotiate)—</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">i</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Orders under single-award indefinite delivery vehicles, BPA calls under single-award BPAs issued under FAR part 8, and BPA calls under BPAs issued under FAR part 13</i>. Use the date the procurement-ready requirements package (including funded purchase request or MIPR) was provided to the contracting office as the “Solicitation Date”. If unknown, use the date of the award of the order as the “Solicitation Date”.</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ii</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Orders under multiple-award indefinite delivery contracts and BPA calls issued under multiple-award BPAs issued under FAR part 8</i>. Use the date of the survey of the multiple-award contracts or BPAs prices in accordance with FAR part 8 or 16 procedures. </p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) When the action is the award of a contract under a broad agency announcement (BAA), use the date when a final (not draft) combined synopsis/solicitation is issued as the “Solicitation Date” except—</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">i</i>) For two-step BAAs, including white paper submissions for review, selection, and subsequent request for full proposals, the “Solicitation Date” is the date when the contracting officer signs the proposal request;</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ii</i>) Under BAAs with calls, the “Solicitation Date” is the date when the individual call is issued; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">iii</i>) For open BAAs, when white papers and/or proposals are accepted for review over an extended period (typically open for a year or longer), the “Solicitation Date” is either the date when the contracting officer signs a proposal request (white papers) or the date on which the proposal is submitted, whichever is earlier.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>) For awards made in response to unsolicited proposals, the “Solicitation Date” is the date when the offeror is notified of proposal acceptance for negotiations and/or award.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vi) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">FPDS Entry – Amounts Section</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) When entering a net deobligation on a contract action, include the minus (-) sign.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) The amount entered in the “Base and Exercised Options Value” for new awards shall be the total value (represented in U.S. dollars and cents) of all the exercised line items on the contract or order regardless of whether they are partially or fully funded. This data field shall be updated on the contract action report used to report the modification whenever the current value of the contract or order is changed by modification, including when options are exercised. When reporting such a modification, report the net value of the change itself in “Current” field; FPDS will calculate the new total Base and Exercised Options Value. When an Administrative Contracting Officer (ACO) executes a modification and the previous value reported in FPDS is incorrect, the ACO shall notify the procuring contract office of the discrepancy and enter the appropriate value in the “Current” field of the “Base and Exercised Options Value” to ensure a correct total is represented. The ACO shall document the correction of the discrepancy in the contract file.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) The amount entered in the “Base and All Options Value” for new awards shall be the total potential value of the award (represented in U.S. dollars and cents) (e.g., total price, total not-to-exceed amount, maximum award amount, etc.), including the value of all unexercised line items and options. For blanket purchase agreements and basic ordering agreements, enter the total expected amount for orders that will be issued. Note: on IDV formats in FPDS, this data element is named “Base and All Options Value (Total Contract Value).”</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) For each IDC resulting from a solicitation where multiple awards were contemplated, this is the maximum for that resulting specific contract. Note: this amount is not always the same as the ceiling for the program under which multiple contracts were awarded. Each contract shall have a specific ceiling identified for that specific period (see <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 16.504</ph>(a)(4)(ii)). </p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) This data field shall be updated on the contract action report used to report the modification whenever the total potential value is changed by modification, including changes made as a result of overruns or claims. When reporting such a modification, report the net value of the change itself in “Current” field; FPDS will calculate the new total Base and All Options Value. When an ACO executes a modification and the previous value reported in FPDS is incorrect, the ACO shall notify the procuring contract office of the discrepancy and enter the appropriate value in the “Current” field of the “Base and All Options Value” to ensure a correct total is represented. The ACO shall document the discrepancy correction in the contract file.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D) The amount entered in the “Action Obligation” for new awards shall be the total value of all the obligated funds on the contract or order, represented in U.S. dollars and cents. When reporting a modification, report the net value of the change in funding accomplished by the modification in the “Current” field; FPDS will calculate the new total action obligation value. When an ACO executes a modification and the previous value reported in FPDS is incorrect, the ACO shall notify the procuring contract office of the discrepancy and enter the appropriate value in the “Current” field of the “Action Obligation Value” field to ensure a correct total is represented. The ACO shall document the discrepancy correction in the contract file.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(E) The amount entered in the “Total Estimated Order Value” for new IDC awards shall be the total estimated value of all anticipated orders to be placed under the contract. For DoD, this value should match the “Base and All Options” value, as DoD does not obligate funds on indefinite-delivery contracts themselves.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vii) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">FPDS Entry – Purchaser Information Section</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Enter the contracting office’s DoD Activity Address Code (DoDAAC) in as the “Contracting Office ID” data field.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) If the requiring organization is a DoD organization, enter the DoDAAC for the requiring office in the “Funding Office ID” data field. This is normally the DoDAAC that is included on the purchase request in the purchase request number. If the contract action is supporting working capital funded efforts and the specific requiring office is unknown, enter the DoDAAC for the working capital funded office. Do not enter the DoDAAC from the contracting office in the “Funding Office ID” field unless the contracting office is also the requiring organization.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) If the requiring organization is not a DoD organization, enter the Funding Office ID provided on the interagency agreement in the “Funding Office ID” data field.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D) Choose the appropriate value in the “Foreign Funding” data field as to whether or not the action includes foreign funding that is identified as FMS. If the action does not include foreign funds, choose “Not Applicable.”</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(viii) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">FPDS Entry – Contractor Information Section</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Enter the DUNS number for the vendor in the “DUNS Number” data field. This DUNS number will be used to pull the associated current record from the System for Award Management (SAM) database.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) If a SAM exception applies to the procurement, ensure the correct exception is chosen from the “SAM Exception” data field. In this case the DUNS number entered in the “DUNS Number” data field will be used to pull the contractor’s name and location information from Dun &amp; Bradstreet’s database.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ix) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">FPDS Entry – Contract Data Section</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) On the contract action report used to report the base award, choose the type of contract pricing in the “Type of Contract” data field that is applicable to the predominant amount of the action, based on the value of the line items. This value will automatically populate any subsequent contract action reports for modifications.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) If the procurement is for services, enter the appropriate Inherently Governmental Functions indicator:</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) “Closely Associated” means functions that are closely associated with inherently governmental functions; those contractor duties that could expand to become inherently governmental functions without sufficient management controls or oversight on the part of the Government. Office of Federal Procurement Policy (OFPP) Policy Letter 11–01, Performance of Inherently Governmental and Critical Functions, provides examples of work that is inherently governmental and therefore must be performed by Federal employees and work that is closely associated with inherently governmental functions that may be performed by either Federal employees or contractors.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) “Critical Functions” means functions that are necessary to the agency being able to effectively perform and maintain control of its mission and operations. Typically, critical functions are recurring and long-term in duration.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>) “Other Functions” means neither “Closely Associated Functions” nor “Critical Functions.”</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">4</i>) For services that include performing both “Closely Associated” and “Critical Functions,” select “Closely Associated, Critical Functions.”</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">5</i>) If services include performing “Other Functions” and either “Closely Associated” or “Critical Functions,” select only the “Closely Associated” or “Critical Functions” value.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) Enter “Yes” in the “Multiyear Contract” field if the procurement is a multiyear contract in accordance with <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 17.1</ph>; otherwise enter “No.”</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D) Enter the full name of the program, not an acronym or abbreviation, in the “Major Program” field if there is an associated program name. Contracts and agreements with ordering provisions established as multi-agency contracts or for wide use within an agency shall always include a program name in order to ensure they are correctly represented in the Interagency Contract Directory (ICD) (see <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 7.105</ph>(b)(1) for website).</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(E) If the procurement is as a result of a requirement responding specifically to a National Interest Action that is listed in this field (for example, “Hurricane Sandy” or “Operation Enduring Freedom (OEF),”) then select the appropriate value. Otherwise, enter “None.”</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(F) For indefinite-delivery contracts, enter the appropriate type of IDC in the “Type of IDC” field: Indefinite Quantity, Requirements, or Definite Quantity.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(G) For IDVs in the “Multiple or Single Award IDV” field:</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) Select “Multiple Award” when the contract action is—</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">i</i>) One of several indefinite-delivery indefinite-quantity (IDIQ) contracts awarded under a single solicitation in accordance with <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 16.504</ph>(c);</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ii</i>) One of several blanket purchase agreements (BPAs) awarded against a Federal Supply Schedule in accordance with <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 8.405-3</ph>;</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">iii</i>) Any other IDIQ contract that an agency enters into with two or more sources under the same solicitation that requires contracting officers to compare or compete their requirements among several vendors; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">iv</i>) A part 13 BPA or Basic Ordering Agreement (BOA) with multiple awards. </p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) Select “Single Award” when the contract does not satisfy any of the above criteria for a multiple award.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(H) When reporting the initial award of IDCs and agreements that allow orders to be placed by other contracting offices, enter the acronym or short abbreviation of the program name for the program supported by the contract or agreement with ordering provisions in the “Program Acronym” field. Contracts and agreements with ordering provisions established as multi-agency contracts or for wide use within an agency shall always include an acronym or abbreviated program name, and the first five characters of this field shall be:</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) “FSSI-" for a federal strategic sourcing initiative (FSSI) vehicle.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) “MMAC-" for a multiple-award multi-agency contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>) “SMAC-" for a single-award multi-agency contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">4</i>) “MBPA-" for a blanket purchase agreement available for use outside of the Department of Defense.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">5</i>) “AGYV-" for an agency-wide acquisition vehicle. For the purpose of this section, an agency-wide acquisition vehicle is an IDC, BPA, or basic ordering agreement intended for the sole use of the Department of Defense. These may be for DoD-wide use or limited to one or more specific Military Services or Defense Agencies.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(I) In the “Cost or Pricing Data” field, enter “Yes” if certified cost and pricing data were obtained. Enter “Not Obtained – Waived” if the requirement for certified cost and pricing data was waived. Enter “No” if certified cost or pricing data were not obtained and no waiver was required. See <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 15.403</ph>for the requirements for certified cost and pricing data.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(J) Enter “Yes” in the “Purchase Card as Payment Method” field if the GPC was used as the method of payment or as both the method of purchase and payment for the contract action. Enter “No” if neither was the case. </p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(K) In the “Undefinitized Action” field, enter “Letter Contract” if the procurement is a letter contract that meets the description in <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 16.603-1</ph>. Enter “Other Undefinitized Action” if the procurement is for any other unpriced action that shall be subsequently definitized. Enter “No” if neither of these situations is applicable.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(L) Enter “Yes” in the “Performance Based Service Acquisition” field if the procurement is for services and performance based acquisition procedures were used. Enter “No” if the procurement is for services and performance based acquisition procedures were not used. Enter “Not Applicable” if the procurement is not for services.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(M) In the “Contingency Humanitarian Peacekeeping Operation” field, enter “Contingency” if the procurement is in response to a contingency operation as defined in 10 U.S.C. 101(a)(13) or “Humanitarian” if the procurement is in response to a humanitarian or peacekeeping operation as defined in 10 U.S.C. 2302(8). Otherwise, enter “Not Applicable.”</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(N) In the “Cost Accounting Standards Clause” field, enter “Yes” if the procurement was subject to cost accounting standards (CAS) and the associated clauses were included in the contract. Enter “No – CAS Waiver Approved” if the procurement is subject to CAS but a waiver was approved. Enter “Not Applicable” if neither situation applies.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(O) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Consolidated Contract</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) Enter “Consolidated Requirements” when the requirements meet the definition of “Consolidation or consolidated requirement” at <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 2.101</ph> but a written determination was not made because the estimated value of the requirements were at or below $2 million, or the requirements are bundled and a written determination for bundling is required.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) Enter “Consolidated Requirements with Written Determination” when the requirements meet the definition of "Consolidation or consolidated requirement" at <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 2.101</ph> and a written determination is made in accordance with <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 7.107-2</ph>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>) Enter “Consolidated Requirements Under <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 7.107-1</ph>(b) Exceptions” when the requirements meet the definition of "Consolidation or consolidated requirement" at <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 2.101</ph> but do not require a written determination in accordance with<ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 7.107-1</ph>(b).</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">4</i>) Enter “Not Consolidated” when the requirements do not meet the definition of "Consolidation or consolidated requirement" at <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 2.101</ph>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(P) Enter “1” in the “Number of Actions” data field unless using Express Reporting procedures described in paragraph (1)(iii) of this section.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(x) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">FPDS Entry – Legislative Mandates Section</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) For the “Clinger-Cohen Act,” “Labor Standards,” “Materials, Supplies, Articles, and Equipment,” and “Construction Wage Rate Requirements” data elements, answer “Yes” if the acts apply to any of the line items on the award. Choose “Not Applicable” if the act itself is not applicable based on implementation requirements in the FAR for each act (see FAR subparts <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">22.10</ph>, <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">22.6</ph>, and <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">22.4</ph>, respectively), or choose “No” if the act is applicable, but the associated clauses were not included in the award. For the “Clinger-Cohen Act”, choose “No” if either the Act is not applicable or the planning requirements from the act were not accomplished.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Indicate in the “Interagency Contracting Authority” data field if the action is subject to the Economy Act, a different statutory authority, or if interagency authorities are not applicable. If the contracting officer selects “Other Statutory Authority” in the “Interagency Contracting Authority”, they shall enter the name of the other authority in the associated text box.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) In the “Additional Reporting” data field, select each value that represents reporting to be accomplished by the contractor that is required by the contract. Multiple values may be selected. </p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) If none of the reporting requirements apply, select “None of the Above.”</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) Select “Service Contract Inventory <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 4.17</ph>” if FAR clause 52.204-14, Service Contract Reporting Requirements, is present in the contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>) Select “Employment Eligibility Verification (52.222-54)” if FAR clause 52.222-54, Employment Eligibility Verification, is included in the contract or if 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial, is included in the contract and sub-paragraph (34) is checked for 52.222-54, Employment Eligibility Verification.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(xi) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">FPDS Entry – Principal Place of Performance Section.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) For supplies, the data entered in this section shall reflect the predominant place where manufacturing occurred or where procured finished products were taken out of inventory. Do not enter the Government delivery location. When the manufacturing or inventory location is unknown, and the contractor has not provided a separate address for the place of performance in FAR provision 52.214-14 or 52.215-6 with its offer, enter the contractor’s physical address that corresponds with its registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) that is identified by its DUNS number and CAGE code.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) For services, identify the location that represents the predominant place the services are performed. For services that start performance in one location and complete performance in a different location, such as transportation and cargo shipment services, the completion or destination location shall be entered. If the contract or order has multiple destination locations, enter the location where the predominant amount is being delivered.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) For place of performance based in the United States, ensure the zip code + 4 data element is entered. This will populate the city and state fields accordingly. Zip codes and their +4 extensions can be identified at the United States Postal Service website (www.usps.com). When a “+4” extension cannot be determined for a zip code (for example, in a highly rural area or at a location with a vanity address), choose the “+4” extension that represents the area nearest to the place of performance.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(xii) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">FPDS Entry – Contract Marketing Data Section.</i> This section applies to IDVs (i.e., BOAs, BPAs, and IDCs) only.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Enter the website in the “Website URL” data field where a new user would find the best information about ordering under the vehicle. This is an optional field, but each multi-agency contract being reported should include one.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) In the “Who Can Use” data field, choose the value that best represents which agencies are allowed to have their contracting officers place orders under the vehicle. If only the office that awarded the IDV is allowed to place orders under the vehicle, choose “Only My Agency”. Do not list codes or text under the “Codes” or “Other” options unless the vehicle only allows very specific parts of agencies to place orders.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) Include in the “Email Contact” data element the specific email of the contracting officer responsible for the IDV who is able to answer questions concerning ordering. A group email address may only be used in this field if it is continuously monitored.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D) Enter the maximum dollar value of each order that may be issued under the vehicle in the “Individual Order / Call Limit” field.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(E) Enter the fee charged to the ordering agency for allowing the ordering agency to place an order under the specific vehicle. The fee may be identified as a fixed percentage, an upper and lower amount if based on a varying factor, or as “no fee.” This is not the fee paid to a contracting office for placing an order on behalf of a requiring office. </p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(F) Enter a brief description of ordering instructions in the “Ordering Procedure” data field. If the “Website URL” field is entered, this field is not required to be completed; however, ensure that the website provided gives the user enough information to be able to place an order.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(xiii) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">FPDS Entry – Product or Service Information Section</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) For the “Product or service code (PSC)” data field choose the code that best represents the predominant amount of supplies or services being procured on the award. The list of active PSCs for use in FPDS reporting is available on the FPDS website under the “Worksite” section under “Reference.”</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) For the “Principal NAICS code” data field, enter the NAICS code that best represents the type of industry related to the predominant amount of supplies or services being procured on the award. If the award was a result of a solicitation that included any of the following provisions, use the NAICS code that was included in the provision: 52.204-8, Annual Representations and Certifications; 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications – Commercial Items; or 52.219-1, Small Business Program Representations. The list of active NAICS codes for use in FPDS reporting is available on the FPDS website under the “Worksite” section under “Reference”.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Contract bundling.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) Enter “Bundled Requirements” when the requirements meet the definition of “Bundling” at <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 2.101</ph>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) Enter “Substantially Bundled Requirements” when the requirements meet the definition of “Bundling” at <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 2.101</ph> but has an estimated value outlined at <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 7.107-4</ph>, Substantial bundling.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>) Enter “Bundled Requirements Under a <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 7.107-1</ph>(b) Exception” when the requirements meet the definition of “Bundling” at <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 2.101</ph> but do not require a written determination in accordance with <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 7.107-1</ph>(b).</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">4</i>) Enter “Not Bundled” when the requirements do not meet the definition of “Bundling” at <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 2.101</ph>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D) Enter in the “DoD Acquisition Program” data field—</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(1) The Major Defense Acquisition Program (MDAP) or Major Automated Information System (MAIS) program number (PNO) if a new award is in support of an Acquisition Category (ACAT) I MDAP or MAIS. If needed, use the code look-up table provided for the data element in the CAR to identify the code for an ACAT I MDAP/MAIS.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(2) The appropriate following code if a new award is associated with one of the following programs or activities:</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">i</i>) ZBL – for Performance-Based Logistics (PBL) support.</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ii</i>) ZRS – for Randolph-Sheppard Act dining facilities.</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">iii</i>) ZBC – for Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) environmental activities.</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">iv</i>) ZDE – for Defense environmental and restoration programs.</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">v</i>) ZOP – for other environmental programs.</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">vi</i>) ZSE – for Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Superfund activities.</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">vii</i>) ZSF – prescribed under a Status of Forces Agreement (SOFA).</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(3) “000” if neither (1) or (2) in this section apply.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(E) Enter the country code where products were manufactured or performance of services occurred in the “Country of Product or Service Origin” data field. If needed, use the code look-up table provided for the data element in the CAR to identify the code for a country.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(F) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Place of Manufacture.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) Choose “Not a Manufactured End Product” when the procurement is for services or for unmanufactured end products (e.g., ores, food, animals).</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) Choose “Manufactured Outside the U.S. – Use Outside the U.S.” when the procurement is for supplies acquired for use outside the United States.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>) If the procurement is for supplies to be used inside the United States, choose one of the following:</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">i</i>) “Manufactured in the U.S.” when the supplies that are considered domestic end products (see <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 25.101</ph>).</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ii</i>) “Manufactured Outside the U.S. – Trade Agreements” when the supplies are acquired subject to a Trade Agreement (see <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 25.4</ph>) where the Buy American Act requirements have been waived.</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">iii</i>) The exception to the Buy American Act that was used in the procurement when the supplies are considered foreign end products (see <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 25.103</ph>):</p>
         <p outputclass="List8" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">A</i>) “Manufactured Outside the U.S. – Public Interest.”</p>
         <p outputclass="List8" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">B</i>) “Manufactured Outside the U.S. – Domestic Nonavailability.”</p>
         <p outputclass="List8" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">C</i>) “Manufactured Outside the U.S. – Unreasonable Cost.”</p>
         <p outputclass="List8" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">D</i>) “Manufactured Outside the U.S. – Resale.”</p>
         <p outputclass="List8" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">E</i>) “Manufactured Outside the U.S. – Commercial Information Technology.”</p>
         <p outputclass="List8" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">F</i>) “Manufactured Outside the U.S. – Qualifying Country.” Only choose “Manufactured Outside the United States – Qualifying Country” if the country of product or service origin is one of the current qualifying countries at DFARS 225.003.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(G) In the “Domestic or Foreign Entity” data field, choose the most applicable answer regarding the ownership of the contractor.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(H) Indicate whether Government Furnished Property (GFP), (see <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 45.101</ph>), is included on the award in the “GFE/GFP Provided Under This Action” data field.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) When reporting modifications to previously reported award, the CAR should carry the same value for this data element as was on the CAR for the initial award unless the modification itself is specifically adding GFP where the originally was none. There is no need to create a CAR solely to report the return of GFP at the end of performance.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) When reporting task, delivery, or call orders under indefinite-delivery contracts or agreements, this data element reflects whether GFP is or is not included specifically as a part of the order itself. The value for the underlying contract or agreement is collected separately. </p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(I) For the “Description of requirement” data field, enter a short description of what is being procured by the action. This should be entered in plain English with no acronyms or military jargon such that the public can understand what is being acquired by the Department. Do not use national stock numbers, part numbers, or other identifiers without also including associated plain English descriptions. When reporting modifications, do not use this field to explain what type of procurement process is accomplished (e.g., exercise option year, incremental funding); continue to address what is being procured.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(J) For the “Recovered materials/sustainability” data field, choose the value from the list below that reflects the requirements of sustainability incorporated into the contract or order. If there is a combination of the attributes on the contract that does not exist in the list below, choose the one from the list that most closely reflects the situation on the contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">
               <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 52.223-4</ph> included</i>. Use when the contract includes the requirement for recovered materials in accordance with FAR Subpart <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">23.4</ph> and provision 52.223-4, Recovered Material Certification, was included in the solicitation.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">
               <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 52.223-4</ph> and 52.223-9 included</i>. Use when the contract includes the requirement for recovered materials in accordance with FAR Subpart <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">23.4</ph>, provision 52.223-4 was included in the solicitation, and clause 52.223-9 is included in the contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">No clauses included and no sustainability included</i>. Use when the contract includes neither requirements nor provisions/clauses for recovered materials or energy efficient, biobased, or environmentally preferable products or services.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">4</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Energy efficient</i>. Use when the contract includes the requirement for energy efficient products or services in accordance with FAR Subpart <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">23.2</ph>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">5</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Biobased</i>. Use when the contract includes the requirement for biobased products or services in accordance with FAR Subpart <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">23.4</ph>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">6</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Environmentally preferable</i>. Use when the contract includes the requirement for environmentally preferable products or services in accordance with FAR Subpart <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">23.7</ph>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">7</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">
               <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 52.223-4</ph> and energy efficient</i>. Use when the contract includes the requirement for–</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">i</i>) Recovered materials in accordance with FAR Subpart <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">23.4</ph> and provision 52.223-4 was included in the solicitation; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ii</i>) Energy efficient products or services in accordance with FAR Subpart <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">23.2</ph>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">8</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">
               <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 52.223-4</ph> and biobased</i>. Use when the contract includes the requirement for–</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">i</i>) Recovered materials in accordance with FAR Subpart <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">23.4</ph> and provision 52.223-4 was included in the solicitation; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ii</i>) Biobased products or services in accordance with FAR Subpart <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">23.4</ph>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">9</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">
               <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 52.223-4</ph> and environmentally preferabl</i>e. Use when the contract includes the requirement for–</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">i</i>) Recovered materials in accordance with FAR Subpart <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">23.4</ph> and provision 52.223-4 was included in the solicitation; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ii</i>) Environmentally preferable products or services in accordance with FAR Subpart <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">23.7</ph>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">10</i>) <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 52.223-4</ph>, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">biobased and energy efficient</i>. Use when the contract includes the requirement for–</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">i</i>) Recovered materials in accordance with FAR Subpart <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">23.4</ph> and provision 52.223-4 was included in the solicitation;</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ii</i>) Energy efficient products or services in accordance with FAR Subpart <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">23.2</ph>; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">iii</i>) Biobased products or services in accordance with FAR Subpart <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">23.4</ph>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">11</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">
               <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 52.223-4</ph>, biobased and environmentally preferable</i>. Use when the contract includes the requirement for–</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">i</i>) Recovered materials in accordance with FAR Subpart <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">23.4</ph> and provision 52.223-4 was included in the solicitation;</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ii</i>) Biobased products or services in accordance with FAR Subpart <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">23.4</ph>; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">iii</i>) Environmentally preferable products or services in accordance with FAR Subpart <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">23.7</ph>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">12</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">
               <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 52.223-4</ph>, biobased, energy efficient and environmentally preferable</i>. Use when the contract includes the requirement for–</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">i</i>) Recovered materials in accordance with FAR Subpart <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">23.4</ph> and provision 52.223-4 was included in the solicitation; </p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ii</i>) Energy efficient products or services in accordance with FAR Subpart <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">23.2</ph>;</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">iii</i>) Biobased products or services in accordance with FAR Subpart <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">23.4</ph>; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">iv</i>) Environmentally preferable products or services in accordance with FAR Subpart <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">23.7</ph>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">xiv</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">FPDS Entry – Competition Information Section.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Solicitation procedures</i>. Select the appropriate entry from the following list:</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Simplified Acquisition</i>. Report this code for competitive and noncompetitive contract actions that used simplified acquisition procedures in accordance with FAR part 13, to include acquisitions using the Commercial Items Test Program. However, if the action is noncompetitive and the reason for other than full and open competition is other than “Authorized by Statute,” “Authorized Resale,” or “SAP Noncompetition,” then enter “Only One Source Solicited” as the solicitation procedure. (Note that most times when in conflict, the reason for other than full and open competition takes precedence over the type of solicitation procedure used.)</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Only One Source Solicited</i>. Use this code if no solicitation procedure was used or only one source is solicited for the action.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Negotiated Proposal/Quote</i>. Use this code for competitive contract actions that use negotiated procedures (FAR parts 12, 13, or 15).</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">4</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Sealed Bid</i>. Use this code for contract actions using sealed bid procedures (FAR part 14).</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">5</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Two Step</i>. Use this code for contract actions that use a combination of sealed bids and negotiated procedures (<ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 6.102</ph>).</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">6</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Architect-Engineer <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 6.102</ph>
            </i>. Use this code if the action resulted from selection of sources for architect-engineer contracts pursuant to <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 6.102</ph>(d)(1).</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">7</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Basic Research</i>. Use this code if the action resulted from a competitive selection of basic research proposals pursuant to <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 6.102</ph>(d)(2).</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">8</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Alternative Sources</i>. Use this code if the action resulted from use of procedures that provided for full and open competition after exclusion of sources to establish or maintain alternative sources pursuant to <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 6.202</ph>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">9</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Subject to Multiple Award Fair Opportunity</i>. FPDS will automatically populate this entry for orders placed against multiple award contracts (to include Federal Supply Schedules) and FAR part 8 BPAs (and orders issued under such BPAs that are subject to fair opportunity pursuant to <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 16.505</ph>(b)(1).</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Extent Competed</i>. Select the appropriate entry from the following list. The extent competed for any modification or order against a task or delivery order contract pulls from the basic contract and is shown in the “Extent competed for referenced IDV” data field.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Competed under SAP</i>. Report this for competitive contract actions that were awarded using FAR part 13 Simplified Acquisition Procedures (i.e., solicitation procedures were “Simplified Acquisition”), to include for the Commercial Item Test Program.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Full and Open Competition (F&amp;OC)</i>. Report this if the contract action resulted from an award pursuant to <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 6.102</ph>(a), Sealed bids; <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 6.102</ph>(b), Competitive proposals; <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 6.102</ph>(c), Combination; or any other competitive method that did not exclude sources of any type.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">F&amp;OC after Exclusion of Sources</i>. Report this when sources are excluded before competition. (Note: This terminology is broader than FAR Subpart <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">6.2</ph>, which includes set-aside actions and actions to establish or maintain alternate sources, in that it also includes actions justified by a justification and approval that provided for competition).</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">4</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Not Available for Competition</i>. Report this if the contract action is not available for competition (i.e., contract actions where the solicitation procedure was “Only One Source” and the reason not competed is “Authorized by Statute,” “International Agreement,” “Utilities,” or “Authorized Resale.”) Note that sole source awards for 8a firms, HUBZone firms, and service-related disabled veteran-owned concerns should always be identified as “Authorized by Statute” as the reason for other than full and open competition.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">5</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Not Competed under SAP</i>. Report this for non-competitive contract actions that were awarded using FAR part 13, Simplified Acquisition Procedures (i.e., solicitation procedures were “Simplified Acquisition”).</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">6</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Not Competed</i>. Report this when the contract action is not competed and the solicitation procedures are “Only One Source.”</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Type of Set-Aside</i>. </p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) If the contract action is a result of a set-aside or sole source authorized under part 19 of the FAR, choose the applicable value. In order to indicate a FAR part 19 set-aside or sole source on an order under a multiple-award contract, see paragraph (F) of this section.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) Note that the type of set-aside is collected on the original award. In the case of a task or delivery order being reported, the user will see the type of set-aside from the original contract in the “Type Set Aside” data element. The “Type of Set-Aside Source” data element is system generated to indicate whether the data in the “Type Set Aside” data element was entered on the specific CAR being viewed or if it was pre-populated from the original contract award.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">SBIR/STTR</i>. Ensure the “SBIR/STTR” data field is completed if the contract action is a result of a Small Business Innovative Research (SBIR) or Small Technology Transfer Research (STTR) Program. SBIR and STTR Phase III awards require that a previous SBIR or STTR award exists.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(E) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Other than Full and Open Competition</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Simplified Acquisition Procedures (SAP)</i>. Select only “SAP Non-Competition,” “Authorized by Statute” if a sole source set-aside shall also be noted, or “Authorized for Resale” when the award is noncompetitive and simplified acquisition procedures were used, including those awards under the commercial items test program. Do not choose other values from the list.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Other than Simplified Acquisition Procedures</i>. Select from available values the one that matches the FAR part 6 authority referenced in the Justification &amp; Authorization document for using other than competitive procedures. Do not choose “SAP Non-competition.”</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(3) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Acquiring Products or Services from Afghanistan</i>. When DFARS 225.7703-1(a)(2) or (3) procedures are used to limit competition to products or services from Afghanistan, or to award a contract to a particular source or sources from Afghanistan, select “Authorized by Statute” in the “Other than Full and Open Competition” data field.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(F) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Fair Opportunity/Limited Sources</i>. This field is the basis for determining whether competition is provided for on orders placed against multiple-award contracts (to include DoD contracts, Governmentwide Acquisition Contracts, Federal Supply Schedules, and BPAs issued under the Federal Supply Schedules). If a Federal Supply Schedule contract or a Governmentwide multiple-award contract is not coded as a multiple-award vehicle, thereby preventing completion of this field, the FPDS user should advise the agency FPDS so that the contracting office for the multiple-award contract can be notified and pursue correction.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Urgency</i>. Report this if the action was justified pursuant to <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 8.405</ph>- 6(a)(1)(i)(A) or 16.505(b)(2)(i)(A).</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Only One Source</i>. Other – Report if the action was justified pursuant to <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 8.405-6</ph>(a)(1)(i)(B) or 16.505(b)(2)(i)(B).</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Follow-On Delivery Order Following Competitive Initial Order</i>. Report this if the action was justified pursuant to <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 8.405-6</ph>(a)(1)(i)(C) or 16.505(b)(2)(i)(C).</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">4</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Minimum Guarantee</i>. Report this if it was necessary to place an order to satisfy a minimum amount guaranteed to the contractor. See <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 16.505</ph>(b)(2)(i)(D).</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">5</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Other Statutory Authority</i>. Report this if a statute expressly authorizes or requires that the purchase by made from a specified source. See FAR16.505(b)(2)(i)(E).</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">6</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Fair Opportunity Given</i>. Report this if fair opportunity was given pursuant to <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 16.505</ph>(b)(1).</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">7</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Competitive Set-Aside</i>. Report this if the order was set aside pursuant to <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 19.502-4</ph>(c) and a sub-set of multiple-award contract holders meeting the set-aside criteria were provided fair opportunity to submit an offer. If this value is selected, also choose the appropriate set-aside in the “Type of Set-Aside” field. Do not select this value if the original multiple award contract itself was set-aside or partially set-aside.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">8</i>) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Sole Source.</i> Report this if the order was issued pursuant to <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 19.502-4</ph>(c) and awarded to a single contract holder meeting the socio-economic criteria without providing fair opportunity to other multiple-award contract holders. If this value is selected, also choose the appropriate value in the “Type of Set-Aside” field.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(G) If an award did not provide for full and open competition; or in the case of simplified acquisition, did not provide the maximum extent of competition practicable; select the value in the “Other Than Full and Open Competition” field that represents the justification used.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(H) In the “Commercial Item Acquisition Procedures” data field, indicate whether commercial procedures were (1) used for commercial items, (2) used for supplies or services pursuant to <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 12.102</ph>(f), (3) used for services pursuant to <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 12.102</ph>(g), or (4) not used.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(I) In the “Simplified Procedures for Certain Commercial Items” data field, indicate if the contract action utilized procedures under <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 13.5</ph>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(J) In the “A-76 Action” data field, indicate if the contract action resulted from an A-76 / FAIR Act competitive sourcing process. Note, however, that DoD is currently under a moratorium from procuring services using these procedures. See PGI <ph xtrc="PGIxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_207.302"
                     href="PGI_207.302.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_207.302">207.302</xref>
            </ph> for more information.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(K) In the “Local Area Set Aside” data field, indicate if the contract action resulted from a local area set-aside in accordance with <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 26.202</ph>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(L) In the “FedBizOpps” data field, enter “Yes” if the award was greater than $25,000 in value and subject to <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 5.2</ph> synopsis requirements. Enter “No” if the award was greater than $25,000 in value, but an exception to synopsis requirements applied. </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Enter “Not Applicable” if the award was less than or equal to $25,000 in value.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(M) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Number of Offers</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) Enter the specific number of offers received in response to the solicitation. In the case of contracts awarded as a result of a Broad Agency Announcement, enter the number of proposals received under the specific announcement. In the case of orders under a multiple-award contract (including Federal Supply Schedules and GWACs), BOAs, and BPAs, enter the number of offers received for the specific order.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) Note that the “Number of Offers Received” is collected on the original award. In the case of a task or delivery order being reported, the user will see the number of offers from the original contract in the “IDV Number of Offers” data element. The “Number of Offers Source” data element is system generated to indicate whether the data in the “Number of Offers Received” data element was entered on the specific CAR being viewed or if it was pre-populated from the original contract award.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(xv) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">FPDS Entry – Preference Programs / Other Data Section</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Contracting Officer’s Business Size Selection</i>—</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) When entering a new contract, purchase order, or agreement award in FPDS, contracting officers shall ensure they appropriately choose “Small Business” or “Other than Small Business” in the “Contracting Officer’s Determination of Business Size” data field according to the NAICS code applied to the award, its associated size standard, and the contractor’s response to provision 52.212-3 or 52.219-1. The contracting officer shall enter “Other than Small Business” for awards where the contractor has not certified to its status in one of these provisions.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) If the “Contracting Officer’s Determination of Business Size” data field is completed with “Small Business”, the contractor’s other socio-economic information that it has entered or the Small Business Administration (SBA) has provided to the System for Award Management (SAM) database will be included in the contract action report. This includes designations such as SBA-Certified 8(a), Women-owned Small Business, Service Disabled Veteran Owned.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>) Contracting officers will not be allowed to identify types of set-asides in FPDS unless the “Contracting Officer’s Determination of Business Size” field is completed with “Small Business,” and other required socio-economic designations are present in the Contractor’s SAM record (e.g., contractor shall have the SBA-Certified 8(a) designation in order to identify an 8(a) type set-aside in FPDS).</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">4</i>) All subsequent modifications and delivery orders under the initial award will be automatically populated with the same designations.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Subcontracting Plan</i>. Select whether a subcontracting plan is required for the contract action, and, if so, which type applies from the following values:</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) Plan Not Required;</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) Plan Not Included, No Subcontracting Possibilities;</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>) Individual Subcontracting Plan;</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">4</i>) Commercial Subcontracting Plan; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">5</i>) DoD Comprehensive Subcontracting Plan.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Reporting modifications to FPDS</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Modifications against previously reported contracts, agreements, and orders are required to be reported to FPDS if they include any obligation or deobligation amount. They are also required to be reported to FPDS if there is no obligation or deobligation amount and involve a change to the data reported in any data field in the contract action report (e.g., vendor name, completion date, place of performance).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Contracting officers should choose the “Reason for Modification” value that best represents the purpose of the modification action. If more than one reason for modification applies, choose the more specific value. When a name, address, DUNS number, or CAGE code change occurs as the result of the modification, choose “Novation,” “Vendor DUNS Change,” or “Vendor Address Change,” per the instructions at paragraphs (4)(v), (vi) and (vii), rather than other values that may also apply to the action (e.g., Exercise Option).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Do not use “Close Out” as the reason for modification in FPDS unless the modification being reported actually accomplishes the close out of the award.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) DoD offices shall not use the “Transfer Action” value in the “Reason for Modification” field unless transferring the contract to a non-DoD contracting office (e.g., Department of Interior).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(v) Modifications for novations (see FAR Subpart <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">42.12</ph> and DFARS subpart <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">242.12</ph>) shall use “Novation Agreement” in the “Reason for Modification” field.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) When this value is used, the contracting officer shall enter the appropriate DUNS number for the contractor in the modification contract action report. FPDS will then bring over the current vendor name and address from the contractor’s SAM record for that DUNS number into the modification contract action report. Subsequent contract action reports will show the updated DUNS number and vendor name.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) When this value is used, FPDS also allows the contracting officer to update the “Contracting Officer’s Determination of Business Size” data field. The contracting officer shall ensure that the contractor’s current size status is appropriately recorded on the modification contract action report. Subsequent contract action reports will reflect the size entered on this modification contract action report (see FAR subparts <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">19.301-2</ph> and <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">19.301-3</ph>).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vi) Modifications for contractor name changes that do not require a novation (see FAR Subpart <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">42.12</ph> and DFARS Subpart <ph xtrc="DFARxref" class="- topic/ph ">242.12</ph>) shall use “Vendor DUNS Change” in the “Reason for Modification” field. When this value is used, the contracting officer shall enter the appropriate DUNS number for the contractor in the modification contract action report. FPDS will then bring over the current vendor name and address from the contractor’s SAM record for that DUNS number into the modification contract action report. Subsequent contract action reports will show the updated DUNS number and vendor name.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vii) Modifications for contractor address changes that do not require a novation shall use “Vendor Address Change” in the “Reason for Modification” field. When this value is used, FPDS will bring over the current address from the contractor’s SAM record into the modification contract action report. Subsequent contract action reports will show the updated address.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(viii) Modifications for re-representation actions (see <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 19.301-2</ph> and 19.301-3) shall use either “Re-representation” or “Re-representation of Non-Novated Merger/Acquisition”, as appropriate, in the “Reason for Modification” field. When this value is used, FPDS allows the contracting officer to update the “Contracting Officer’s Determination of Business Size” data field. The contracting officer shall ensure that the contractor’s current size status is appropriately recorded on the modification contract action report. Subsequent contract action reports will reflect the size entered on this modification contract action report.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ix) When a modification is reported with “Termination for Default” or “Termination for Cause” in the “Reason for Modification” data field, the user must also report the termination to the Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity Information System (FAPIIS) in accordance with <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 42.1503</ph>(h) requirements.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Reporting awards where the GPC is both the method of purchase and payment</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Do not report open-market purchases (i.e., not under a Federal Supply schedule, agreement, or contract) made with the GPC valued less than the micro-purchase threshold to FPDS.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Purchases made using the GPC as the method of both purchase and payment under federal schedules, agreements, or contracts are required to be reported to FPDS regardless of value. Contracting offices shall ensure all such purchases made by their authorized cardholders are reported to FPDS no less frequently than monthly. Any individual purchase valued greater than $25,000 shall be reported individually to FPDS. For individual purchases valued less than $25,000, there are three acceptable methods for reporting to FPDS. They are, in preferred order of use—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Report each order individually to FPDS;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Report a consolidated express report to FPDS using the delivery order or BPA call format that references the individual contract or BPA, respectively; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) Report a consolidated express report to FPDS using the purchase order format that uses the generic DUNS 136721250 for “GPC Consolidated Reporting” or 136721292 for “GPC Foreign Contractor Consolidated Reporting”, as appropriate, as the identifier. Note that when a generic DUNS number is used to report these actions, only “Other than Small Business” is allowed as the “Contracting Officer’s Determination of Business Size” selection.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) For orders placed on FedMall, contracting officers are not required to separately report such awards to FPDS.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Using generic DUNS numbers</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Generic DUNS numbers may only be used for reporting to FPDS in accordance with <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 4.605</ph>(c) or paragraph <ph xtrc="PGIxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_204.606"
                     href="PGI_204.606.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_204.606">204.606</xref>
            </ph>(5)(ii)(C) of this section. Note that if a generic DUNS number is used on the report to FPDS, systems that prepopulate data based on the DUNS number reported to FPDS may not be able to use the DUNS number for further reporting on that contract action because the contractor identification information is not accurately reflected. For example, assessing officials cannot report past performance reports to the Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS) (see FAR Subpart <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">42.15</ph>) if a generic DUNS number was used to report the action to FPDS. Additionally, some reporting requirements placed on the contractor, such as subcontract reporting required by FAR subparts <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">4.14</ph> and <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">19.7</ph>, are not able to be completed. Therefore, it is important that the use of generic DUNS numbers in reporting to FPDS be rare and only when necessary.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) The following generic DUNS numbers are available for use in contract reporting only if the conditions in <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 4.605</ph>(c) or paragraph <ph xtrc="PGIxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_204.606"
                     href="PGI_204.606.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_204.606">204.606</xref>
            </ph>(5)(ii)(C) of this section apply:</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) DUNS 167445928 – Student Workers in Laboratories. Used to report actions awarded to student workers providing goods/services in government laboratories (or other government facilities) when obtaining a DUNS number would place a financial hardship on the student. Corresponding CAGE code in the System for Award Management (SAM): 35HL9.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) DUNS 123456787 – Miscellaneous Foreign Awardees. Used to report actions awarded to vendors located outside the United States providing goods/services when a specific DUNS number is not available. Corresponding CAGE code in SAM: 35KC0.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) DUNS 136666505 – Spouses of Service Personnel. Used to report actions awarded to service personnel dependents located and providing goods/services outside the United States when obtaining a DUNS number would place a financial hardship on the dependent. Corresponding CAGE code in SAM: 3JDV7.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D) DUNS 167446249 – Navy Vessel Purchases In Foreign Ports. Used to report actions awarded to vendors located outside the United States providing goods/services in support of vessels located in foreign ports when a specific DUNS number is not available. Corresponding CAGE code in SAM: 35KD3.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(E) DUNS 153906193 – Foreign Utility Consolidated Reporting. Used to report procurement actions awarded to vendors located outside the United States providing utilities goods/services when a specific DUNS number is not available. Corresponding CAGE code in SAM: 3JDX5.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(F) DUNS 790238638 – Domestic Awardees (Undisclosed). Used to report actions awarded to vendors located in the United States where identifying the vendor could cause harm to the mission or the vendor (for example, domestic shelters). Corresponding CAGE code in SAM: 3JEH0.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(G) DUNS 790238851 – Foreign Awardees (Undisclosed). Used to report actions awarded to vendors located outside the United States when identifying the vendor could cause harm to the mission or the vendor. Corresponding CAGE code in SAM: 3JEV3.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(H) DUNS 136721250 – GPC Consolidated Reporting. Used to report orders and calls issued via the GPC under indefinite-delivery type contracts and agreements to businesses located in the United States, and the identity of the DUNS number for the vendor is not available to the office reporting the action. Corresponding CAGE code in SAM: 3JDW4.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(I) DUNS 136721292 – GPC Foreign Contractor Consolidated Reporting. Used to report orders and calls issued via the GPC under indefinite delivery type contracts and agreements to businesses located outside the United States, and the identity of the DUNS number for the vendor is not available to the office reporting the action. Corresponding CAGE code in SAM: 3JDV9.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(7) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Contract Action Report Status</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) The “Status” data element on contract action reports indicates whether an award is still open or officially “closed” and applies to the family of actions comprising the contract or order (i.e., includes all modifications to that contract or order). Values in this field will either be null (blank), indicating that the contract is still open; or “Closed,” indicating the contract or order has completed closeout activities in accordance with <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 4.804</ph>, as supplemented. Awards without the “Closed” status are assumed to still be open and either still within the established delivery dates or period of performance, or in a post-performance period preparing for closeout.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) The “Status” is changed to “Closed” in one of three ways:</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) User reports a modification using “Closeout” in the “Reason for Modification” field. This should be rare and only occur when a modification being issued actually closes the award in that modification (not just prepares for it). If a contract action report is finalized with “Closeout” as the value, it will no longer be able to be corrected by the user. Users will need to contact the FPDS help desk to perform any corrections.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) User with “Closeout” privileges in FPDS marks the award as closed. This will be rare in DoD; only the DoD and Service lead system administrators will be given these privileges.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) An agency system sends a “Close” notice via web services to FPDS.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) When the “Status” is changed to “Closed” that status is applied to the contract or order and all of its subsequent modifications. Closed notices received for task, delivery, and call orders placed under IDCs or agreements do not cause the IDC or agreement to be closed. Closed notices received for IDCs or agreements do not cause task, delivery, and call orders placed under them to be closed.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) Once a contract or order, and its modifications, has been marked as “Closed” the user or agency cannot change the status and will need to contact the FPDS help desk to remove the status if it was marked in error.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
