<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_PGI_208.7004-6" outputclass="4" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 208.7004-6</ph> Cancellation of requirements.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Category I MIPRs. The requiring department will notify the acquiring department by electronic or other immediate means when cancelling all or part of the supplies or services requested in the MIPR. Within 30 days, the acquiring department will notify the requiring department of the quantity of items available for termination and the amount of funds in excess of the estimated settlement costs. Upon receipt of this information, the requiring department will issue a MIPR amendment to reduce the quantities and funds accordingly.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Category II MIPRs. The requiring department will notify the acquiring department electronically or by other immediate means when cancelling all or any part of the supplies or services requested in the MIPR.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) If the acquiring department has not entered into a contract for the supplies or services to be cancelled, the acquiring department will immediately notify the requiring department. Upon receipt of such notification, the requiring department shall initiate a MIPR amendment to revoke the estimated amount shown on the original MIPR for the cancelled items.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) If the items to be cancelled have already been placed under contract—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) As soon as practicable, but in no event more than 45 days after receipt of the cancellation notice from the requiring department, the contracting officer shall issue a termination data letter to the requiring department (original and four copies) containing, as a minimum, the information in Table 8-1, Termination Data Letter.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) The termination contracting officer (TCO) will review the proceedings at least every 60 days to reassess the Government's probable obligation. If any additional funds are excess to the probable settlement requirements, or if it appears that previous release of excess funds will result in a shortage of the amount that will be required for settlement, the TCO will promptly notify the contracting office which will amend the termination data letter. The requiring department will process a MIPR amendment to reflect the reinstatement of funds within 30 days after receiving the amended termination data letter.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) Upon receipt of a copy of the termination settlement agreement, the requiring department will prepare a MIPR amendment, if required, to remove any remaining excess funds.</p>
         <table frame="all" colsep="0" rowsep="0" class="- topic/table ">
            <tgroup cols="2" colsep="0" rowsep="0" outputclass="Table" class="- topic/tgroup ">
               <colspec colnum="1" colname="1" colwidth="15*" colsep="0" class="- topic/colspec " rowheader="headers" />
               <colspec colnum="2" colname="2" colwidth="15*" colsep="0" class="- topic/colspec " rowheader="headers" />
               <tbody class="- topic/tbody ">
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry " namest="1" nameend="2">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">TABLE 8-1, TERMINATION DATA LETTER</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">SUBJECT:</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">Termination Data Re:</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p "></p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p "></p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p "></p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">Contract No. ___________________________ Termination
                           No. ________________________ </p>
                        <p class="- topic/p ">Contract _______________________________</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p "></p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p "></p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p "> (a) As termination action is now in progress on the
                           above contract, the following information is submitted:</p>
                        <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Brief Description of items
                           terminated.</p>
                        <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) You are notified that the sum
                           of $________ is available for release under the subject contract. This
                           sum represents the difference between $________, the value of items
                           terminated under the contract, and $________, estimated to be required
                           for settlement of the terminated contract. The estimated amount available
                           for release is allocated by the appropriations cited on the contract as
                           follows:</p>
                        <p class="- topic/p ">MIPR NO.________ ACCOUNTING CLASSIFICATION________
                           AMOUNT________</p>
                        <p class="- topic/p ">Total available for release at this time $________</p>
                        <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) Request you forward an
                           amendment to MIPR ________ on DD Form 448-2 to reflect the reduced
                           quantity and amount of funds available for release.</p>
                        <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) Periodic reviews (not less
                           than 60 days) will be made as termination proceedings progress to
                           redetermine the Government's probable obligation.</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p "></p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0" class="- topic/row ">
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p "></p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">______________________</p>
                        <p class="- topic/p ">Contracting Officer</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
               </tbody>
            </tgroup>
         </table>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
