<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_PGI_217.7405"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 217.7405</ph> Plans and reports.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p id="XvLpRL" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) By October 31 and April 30
of each year, military departments and defense agencies shall submit
an updated Consolidated UCA Management Plan, and a Consolidated
UCA Management Report, identifying each UCA with a value exceeding
$5 million. Prior to submittal, military departments and defense
agencies shall reconcile Federal Procurement Data System-Next Generation
(FPDS-NG) data to the UCA information they are reporting to ensure
both their FPDS-NG data and their Consolidated UCA Management Report
are accurate and complete. In addition, military departments and
defense agencies shall submit a copy of the record of weighted guidelines
for each definitized UCA with a value of $100 million or more. If
there is no record of weighted guidelines (e.g., not required for
a cost plus award fee contract per DFARS <xref href="215.404-74.dita#DFARS_215.404-74"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">215.404-74</xref>), then military
departments and defense agencies shall submit alternative documentation
that addresses appropriate recognition of the contractor’s reduced
cost risk during the undefinitized performance period. Submit the
required information to <xref href="mailto:osd.pentagon.ousd-a-s.mbx.asda-dp-c-contractpolicy@mail.mil"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">osd.pentagon.ousd-a-s.mbx.asda-dp-c-contractpolicy@mail.mil</xref>.
         </p>
         <p id="y5wmxkfc" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) The Consolidated UCA Management
Plan and the Consolidated UCA Management Report shall be prepared
using the following formats:
         </p>
         <p id="yqupdahc" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Consolidated UCA Management
Plan
         </p>
         <p id="NRtDoi" class="- topic/p ">Title: Consolidated Undefinitized Contract Action
(UCA) Management Plan Period Covered:</p>
         <p id="RrcHQy" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">1. Applicable military department,
defense agency, or DoD component. a. Headquarters point of contact.
b. Contact information.</p>
         <p id="nyLeaP" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">2. Description of actions
planned and taken to ensure: a. Appropriate use of UCAs. b. Timely
definitization of UCAs. c. Minimized obligation amounts at the time
of UCA award, consistent with the contractor’s requirements for
the undefinitized period. d. In determining profit/fee, appropriate
recognition of the contractor’s reduced cost risk during the undefinitized
performance period. e. Documentation of the risk assessment in the
contract file.</p>
         <p id="RGNAGT" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">3. Milestones for completion
of planned events.</p>
         <p id="STvcdx" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">4. Other.</p>
         <p id="SCKOsX" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) 
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Consolidated UCA Management
Report.</i> The required format for the Consolidated UCA Management
Report is available at this website: <xref href="https://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/pgi/docs/uca_management_report_01Sep2021.xlsx"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">https://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/pgi/docs/uca_management_report_01Sep2021.xlsx</xref>.
         </p>
         <p id="lPbGgI" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) A list of Frequently Asked
            Questions about UCA reporting requirements is availableat <xref href="https://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/pgi/docs/faq_01Sep2021.docx"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">https://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/pgi/docs/faq_01Sep2021.docx.</xref>. </p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
