<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_PGI_242.1203" outputclass="3" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
      <title>
         <ph props="autonumber">PGI 242.1203</ph> Processing agreements.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) For contracts awarded by the
military departments, provide notices to the following addressees
instead of individual contracting or contract administration offices:</p>
         <p></p>
         <table frame="all" colsep="0" rowsep="0">
            <tgroup cols="2" colsep="0" rowsep="0" outputclass="Table">
               <colspec colnum="1" colname="1" colwidth="25*" colsep="0" rowheader="headers" />
               <colspec colnum="2" colname="2" colwidth="75*" colsep="0" rowheader="headers" />
               <tbody>
                  <row rowsep="0">
                     <entry colname="1">
                        <p>Army</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry colname="2">
                        <p>
                           <xref href="mailto:usarmy.pentagon.hqda-asa-alt.list.saal-ps-staff@mail.mil" format="html" scope="external">usarmy.pentagon.hqda-asa-alt.list.saal-ps-staff@mail.mil</xref>
                        </p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0">
                     <entry colname="1">
                        <p>Navy</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry colname="2">
                        <p>
                           <xref href="mailto:usn.pentagon.asstsecnavrdadc.mbx.pabt@us.navy.mil" format="html" scope="external">usn.pentagon.asstsecnavrdadc.mbx.pabt@us.navy.mil</xref>
                        </p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0">
                     <entry colname="1">
                        <p>Air Force</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry colname="2">
                        <p>
                           <xref href="mailto:AFMC.PK.Workflow-02@us.af.mil" format="html" scope="external">AFMC.PK.Workflow-02@us.af.mil</xref>
                        </p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row rowsep="0">
                     <entry colname="1">
                        <p>National Aeronautics and Space Administration</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry colname="2">
                        <p>National Aeronautics and Space Administration</p>
                        <p>ATTN:
Office of Procurement, Program Operations Division</p>
                        <p>300 E Street,
SW</p>
                        <p>Washington, DC 20546-0001</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
               </tbody>
            </tgroup>
         </table>
         <p outputclass="List2"></p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2) Lists of affected contracts accompanying
a notice of successor in interest should include the information
at FAR 42.1204(e)(2).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(3) Lists of affected contracts accompanying
a notice of a name change should include the information at FAR 42.1205(a)(3).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(4) On notices sent to the addressees in
paragraph (1) of this section, include a consolidated list for all
subordinate contracting offices of the addressee.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(5) Before making any substantial alterations
or additions to the novation agreement format at FAR 42.1204(i),
coordinate with the addressees in paragraph (1) of this section
that have contracts with the contractor. Resolve any objections before
executing the agreement.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(6) If the National Aeronautics and Space
Administration (NASA) wants a separate agreement with the contractor,
continue to process the agreement only for DoD.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(7) In addition to the requirements of
FAR 42.1203(g) and PGI <xref href="PGI_204.201.dita#DFARS_PGI_PGI_204.201" base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_204.201" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" xtrc="204.201">204.201</xref> ,
make distribution to—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(i) The physical address or a copy to the
email addresses in paragraph (1) of this section; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(ii) The appropriate Military Surface Deployment
and Distribution Command area command for agreements affecting contracts
and basic agreements for storage and related services for personal
property of military and civilian personnel — two copies:</p>
         <p></p>
         <table frame="all" colsep="0" rowsep="0">
            <tgroup cols="2" colsep="0" rowsep="0" outputclass="Table">
               <colspec colnum="1" colname="1" colwidth="50*" colsep="0" rowheader="headers" />
               <colspec colnum="2" colname="2" colwidth="50*" colsep="0" rowheader="headers" />
               <tbody>
                  <row rowsep="0">
                     <entry colname="1">
                        <p>Commander</p>
                        <p>Eastern Area</p>
                        <p>Military
Surface Deployment</p>
                        <p>and Distribution Command</p>
                        <p>ATTN: MTE-LO</p>
                        <p>Bayonne,
NJ 07002</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry colname="2">
                        <p>Commander</p>
                        <p>Western Area</p>
                        <p>Military
Surface Deployment</p>
                        <p>and Distribution Command</p>
                        <p>Oakland
Army Base</p>
                        <p>ATTN: MTW-LO</p>
                        <p>Oakland, CA 94626</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
               </tbody>
            </tgroup>
         </table>
         <p outputclass="List2"></p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(8) In addition to the distribution requirements
of FAR 42.1203(h)(4) and PGI <xref href="PGI_204.201.dita#DFARS_PGI_PGI_204.201" base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_204.201" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" xtrc="204.201">204.201</xref> –</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(i) Send two copies to the physical address
or a copy to the email addresses in paragraph (1) of this section.
The list of contracts may be confined to those issued by that department.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(ii) Do not send copies to NASA or the
commands in paragraph (7)(ii) of this section. They will issue their
own modifications.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(9) Report the novation agreement or name
change modification for each of the affected contracts to FPDS (see
PGI <xref href="PGI_204.606.dita#DFARS_PGI_PGI_204.606" base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_204.606" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" xtrc="204.606">204.606</xref> (4)(iv)
and (v)).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(10) The contracting officer responsible
for execution of a change-of-name agreement (see FAR Subpart 42.12)
must submit the agreement to DLIS-SBB. If there are no current contracts,
each contracting and contract administration office receiving notification
of changes from the commercial entity must forward a copy of the
change notice annotated with the CAGE code to DLIS-SBB unless the
change notice indicates that DLIS-SBB already has been notified.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
