<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-PGI_PGI_225.7902"
            outputclass="3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 225.7902</ph> Defense Trade Cooperation Treaties.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">The following documents are accessible at: http://pmddtc.state.gov/:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">• DTC Treaties.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">• Implementing Arrangements.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">•	The provisions of the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) (22 CFR 126.16 (Australia) and 22 CFR 126.17 (United Kingdom)) pertaining to the DTC Treaties.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">•	List of Defense Articles Exempted from DTC Treaty Coverage (also in 22 CFR 126 Supplement No. 1).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">• List of Approved Community Members. </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">• Definitions.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
