<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-PGI_PGI_245.103-70"
            outputclass="4"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 245.103-70</ph>  Furnishing Government property to contractors.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  The requiring activity (project or program manager, or purchase request generator), as part of its responsibility for acquisition planning (FAR part 7, Acquisition Planning), is the decision point as to whether or not to furnish property to contractors.  The basis for any decision to provide Government property shall be documented by the requiring activity and provided to the contracting officer.  Such documentation is not required when contractors are furnished property for repair, modification, or overhaul under a contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Prior to furnishing Government property to the contractor, the contracting officer shall ensure that each of the requirements of <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 45.102</ph> are addressed as follows, and documented in the contracting file—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Element 1: In the Government’s best interest.</i> Discussion should be specific, factual, and where necessary, address actual or projected dollars and percentages.  Merely selecting one or two objectives supported by a general, perfunctory discussion does not address this element satisfactorily.  Discussion should address the following factors:</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Economy – Furnishing Government property is the lowest cost or price alternative.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Standardization – There is a critical need for precise replication.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) Security – Government property is needed due to national security issues/concerns.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D) Expedite production – Government property is crucial to achieving timely or accelerated delivery of a supply item or service.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(E) Scarcity – The Government can obtain scarce items, or is the only source of property necessary for successful execution of a contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(F) Maintain the industrial base – Government property is needed to ensure future capability to obtain a particular supply item or service.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(G) Contract type – Government property will enable the Government to obtain a more favorable contract type.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Element 2</i>:  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Overall benefit.</i>Demonstrate that the overall benefit to the acquisition significantly outweighs the increased cost of administration, including property disposal.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  Property in the hands of contractors drives program costs.  Therefore, in order to make the case that providing Government property to the contractor is worthwhile, the associated costs must be considered and the business decision justified.  The costs of Government property removal and disposal, including demilitarization and disposal of environmentally-regulated property, must be included.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  Costs must be either less than what the contractor might otherwise incur, or the demonstrated benefit to the Government must outweigh these additional contract costs.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Element 3:  Government assumption of risk.</i>  Demonstrate that providing the property does not substantially increase the Government’s risk.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  Risk must be discussed and documented.  A risk analysis is warranted to demonstrate that the Government is not substantially increasing its risk.  For example, when furnishing Government property, the Government is ordinarily responsible for suitability of use, timely delivery, and replacement of defective Government property.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  Other risks may need to be considered, discussed, and documented.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Element 4:  Government requirements cannot otherwise be met</i>.  Document why the furnishing of Government property is critical and significant to meeting acquisition plan objectives.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
