<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_PGI_225.372-1"
            outputclass="4"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 225.372-1</ph> General.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">Information and guidance pertaining to DoD antiterrorism/force protection policy for contracts that require performance or travel outside the United States can be obtained from the following offices:</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) For Army contracts: HQDA-AT; telephone, DSN 222-9832 or commercial (703) 692-9832.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) For Navy contracts: Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS), Code 21; telephone, DSN 288-9077 or commercial (202) 433-9077.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) For Marine Corps contracts: CMC Code POS-10; telephone, DSN 224-4177 or commercial (703) 614-4177.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) For Air Force and Combatant Command contracts: The appropriate Antiterrorism/Force Protection Office at the Command Headquarters. Also see https://atep.dtic.mil.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5) For defense agency contracts: The appropriate agency security office.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6) For additional information: Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and Global Security, ASD (HS/GS); telephone, DSN 227-6566 or 260-8350 or commercial (703) 697-6566 or (571) 256-8350.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
