<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_204.602"
            outputclass="3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 204.602</ph> General.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p id="jTCdXu" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Helpful documents</i>.
The Federal Procurement Data System (FPDS) website at https://www.fpds.gov
provides useful documents and on-line training to assist with FPDS
data entry. Key manuals can be found at the top of the website homepage
under the “Training” and “Worksite” drop-down links to include:</p>
         <p id="EaCBLn" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">FPDS Data Element
Dictionary</i>. The data dictionary outlines relevant information
for each data field. The Data Dictionary identifies whether a data
field is “Required,” “Optional,” “Propagates from the base action,”
“Not Applicable,” or “System Generated,” for each type of data entry
screen (Awards, Indefinite-Delivery Vehicles, and Transactions/Modifications).
It also identifies the source of data entry (e.g., Contracting Officer,
System for Award Management (SAM), FPDS); the format of the field;
and whether the field input is derived from entries in other fields.
At the back of the Data Dictionary is a useful summary.</p>
         <p id="uHoHLA" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">FPDS Data Validations</i>.
This document identifies all the validation rules that are applied
to data entry. The majority of the rules apply Governmentwide. DoD
specific validation rules appear at “5.5.1 DoD Specific Validations.”</p>
         <p id="sBgNng" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">FPDS Users Manual</i>.
This manual provides guidance on the various types of data entry
screens and addresses whether a particular field is: “[R]” – requires
contracting officer/buyer entry; “[A]” – pre-populated by FPDS or
a contract writing system, if using machine-to-machine process;
or “[C]” – calculated by FPDS for each type of data entry screen.
However, the nature of the field is determined based on Governmentwide
requirements. To determine DoD-specific requirements, refer to J3
“DoD Use Case Summary” in the FPDS Data Element Dictionary. The
FPDS User Manual is not a policy document; it is intended only for
general guidance. Refer to this PGI section for specific FPDS reporting
entries.</p>
         <p id="ijZoDN" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Reporting technical
or policy issues</i>.</p>
         <p id="jaxarY" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Technical issues</i>.
To report an FPDS technical issue—</p>
         <p id="KJcVTV" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) Users of the
Standard Procurement System (SPS) should contact their local SPS
Help Desk (authorized SPS caller);</p>
         <p id="ULmonp" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(2) Users of other contract
writing systems should contact the local contract writing system
administrator to determine the appropriate procedures; and</p>
         <p id="GfjdgJ" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>) Web users should
contact their local system administrator, who will then contact
the FPDS Help Desk; or</p>
         <p id="eGYJcg" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) If the issue is an obvious
FPDS technical issue that needs to be documented and corrected by
the system, the user should contact the Federal Service Desk (FSD),
by telephone at 866-606-8220 (U.S. or DSN), or 334-206-7828 (International),
or submit a comment or request at www.fsd.gov. When e-mailing FSD,
also send a copy to the applicable agency representative identified
in paragraph (2)(iii) of this section.</p>
         <p id="Djdihk" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Policy issues</i>.
Report policy issues to the applicable agency representative identified
in paragraph (2)(iii) of this section.</p>
         <p id="dLgEcX" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Agency representatives</i>. Department and component FPDS representatives and their contact information can be found on the Defense Pricing, Contracting, and Acquisition Policy website at <xref href="https://www.acq.osd.mil/asda/dpc/ce/cap/fpds.html#data-improvement"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">https://www.acq.osd.mil/asda/dpc/ce/cap/fpds.html#data-improvement</xref> under “Additional Resources.”</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
