<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_PGI_232.070"
            outputclass="3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 232.070</ph> Responsibilities.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) The Under or Assistant Secretary, or other designated official, responsible for the comptroller function within the department or agency is the focal point for financing matters at the department/agency headquarters. Departments and agencies may establish contract financing offices at operational levels.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Department/agency contract financing offices are:</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Army: Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Army (Financial Management).</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Navy: Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Financial Management and Comptroller), Office of Financial Operations.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) Air Force: Air Force Contract Financing Office (SAF/FMPB).</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D) Defense agencies: Office of the agency comptroller.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Contract financing offices should participate in—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Developing regulations for contract financing;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Developing contract provisions for contract financing; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) Resolving specific cases that involve unusual contract financing requirements.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
