<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_PGI_215.402"
            outputclass="3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 215.402</ph> Pricing policy.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Contracting officers must
purchase supplies and services from responsible sources at fair
and reasonable prices. The Truth in Negotiations Act (TINA) (10
U.S.C. 2306a and 41 U.S.C. chapter 35) requires offerors to submit
certified cost or pricing data if a procurement exceeds the TINA
threshold and none of the exceptions to certified cost or pricing
data requirements applies. Under TINA, the contracting officer obtains
accurate, complete, and current data from offerors to establish
a fair and reasonable price (see FAR 15.403).
TINA also allows for a price adjustment remedy if it is later found
that a contractor did not provide accurate, complete, and current
data.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) When certified cost or pricing data
are not required, and the contracting officer does not have sufficient
data to determine price reasonableness, FAR
15.402(a)(2) requires the offeror to provide whatever data
the contracting officer needs in order to determine fair and reasonable
prices.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) Obtaining sufficient data from the
offeror is particularly critical in situations where an item is
determined to be a commercial item in accordance with FAR 2.101and the contract is being awarded
on a sole source basis. This includes commercial sales data of items
sold in similar quantities and, if such data is insufficient, cost
data to support the proposed price.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) See PGI 
               <xref href="PGI_215.404-1.dita#DFARS_PGI_PGI_215.404-1"
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_215.404-1"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  xtrc="215.404-1">215.404-1</xref>
             and
the Department of Defense Guidebook for Acquiring Commercial Items, 
               <xref href="https://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/cpic/cp/docs/Guidebook_Part_B_Commercial_Item_Pricing_20180126.pdf"
                  format="pdf"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">Part B: Pricing Commercial
Items</xref>
            , for more detailed procedures and guidance on
obtaining data needed to determine fair and reasonable prices.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
