<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_204.201"
            outputclass="3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 204.201</ph> Procedures.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p id="LkNGuf" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) The procuring
contracting officer (PCO) retains the original signed contract for
the contract file. Administrative contracting officers and termination
contracting officers provide the original of each modification to
the PCO for retention in the contract file. Unless otherwise directed
by department/agency procedures, the office issuing the orders maintains the
original of orders under basic ordering agreements and the original
of provisioning orders; and</p>
         <p id="HismIk" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Ensure that distribution
of contracts and modifications is consistent with security directives.</p>
         <p id="FhTgoJ" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(3) Use the following distribution
procedures instead of those at FAR 4.201(b) through (f):</p>
         <p id="mHRdhC" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(i) Contracts and modifications
shall be distributed electronically (except as provided at DFARS <xref href="204.270-1.dita#DFARS_204.270-1"
                  base="DFARS-204.270-1"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">204.270-1</xref>(a)) using the
following methods:</p>
         <p id="DRbfHu" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Indexed Portable Document
Format files shall be sent via the Global Exchange system (GEX)
to the Electronic Document Access (EDA) (http://eda.ogden.disa.mil)
system to provide a human-readable copy of contract documents.</p>
         <p id="MLHhBJ" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Electronic data files
depicting the contract shall be sent in at least one of the following
formats via the GEX to EDA and to systems supporting specific offices
as set forth in paragraph (ii) below. (Note that the GEX can be used
to translate from the formats below to other formats. Organizations
should send both formats in parallel unless validation failures
have been eliminated.)</p>
         <p id="geBBIK" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) American National
Standards Institute X.12 Electronic Data Interchange standard transaction
sets 850 and 860.</p>
         <p id="VGloDi" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) Department of
Defense Procurement Data Standard (PDS) Extensible Markup Language
(XML) format: 
               <xref href="https://www.acq.osd.mil/asda/dpc/ce/ds/procurement-data-standard.html"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">https://www.acq.osd.mil/asda/dpc/ce/ds/procurement-data-standard.html</xref>
           .
         </p>
         <p id="gyyzoK" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) After contract execution,
provide an electronic data file copy of the contract and modifications
in either X.12 or PDS XML to the following:</p>
         <p id="PnoaYv" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) The contract administration
office, if the contracting officer delegates contract administration
to another office (see FAR Subpart 42.2). The contracting officer
also should provide the contract administration office with a copy of
the contract distribution list, indicating those offices that should
receive copies of modifications, and any changes to the list as
they occur.</p>
         <p id="oGPahy" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) The payment office. Provide
any modification that changes the payment office to both the new
and the old payment offices.</p>
         <p id="KydyJi" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) Each accounting office
whose funds are cited in the contract.</p>
         <p id="baywPb" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D) Each consignee specified
in the contract. A transshipping terminal is not a consignee. The
Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) is authorized to prescribe alternate
procedures for distribution of contract documents in DLA Europe
and Africa.</p>
         <p id="zHDJTe" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(E) The military interdepartmental
purchase request requiring activity in the case of coordinated acquisition.</p>
         <p id="zwYuFq" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(F) The receiving activity,
if the contract or modification provides initial or amended shipping
instructions under DFARS <xref href="204.1603.dita#DFARS_204.1603"
                  base="DFARS-204.1603"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">204.1603</xref>(b)(2)(ii)(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>)(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ii</i>)
and (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">iii</i>).</p>
         <p id="pzBFPj" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Provide electronic
notice of award via EDA to the following:</p>
         <p id="lzmHvR" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) The appropriate
Defense Contract Audit Agency (DCAA) office, as listed in DCAAP
5100.1, Directory of DCAA Offices, or as obtained through the DCAA
cognizant field audit office locator, both available via the Internet
at http://www.dcaa.mil, if the contract or modification is one of
the following types:</p>
         <p id="snXlgY" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">i</i>) Cost-reimbursement.</p>
         <p id="sOfPdp" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ii</i>) Time-and-materials.</p>
         <p id="jIOwsR" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">iii</i>) Labor-hour.</p>
         <p id="SqiIbM" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">iv</i>) Fixed-price with
provisions for redetermination, cost incentives, economic price
adjustment based on cost, or cost allowability.</p>
         <p id="PPIkjs" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">v</i>) Any other contract
that requires audit service.</p>
         <p id="ybzier" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) If there is a
question as to the appropriate DCAA field audit office, request
the assistance of the DCAA financial liaison advisor or the nearest
DCAA field audit office.</p>
         <p id="BXekrG" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Those organizations required
to perform contract administration support functions (e.g., when
manufacturing is performed at multiple sites, provide a copy to
the contract administration office cognizant of each location).</p>
         <p id="HRXhwC" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) The cognizant administrative
contracting officer when the contract is not assigned for administration
but contains a Cost Accounting Standards clause. Indicate that the
copy is provided “For Cost Accounting Standards Administration Only”
(see FAR 30.601(b)); and</p>
         <p id="fwuXVd" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D) The cognizant Defense
Security Service office listed in DoD 5100.76-M, Physical Security
of Sensitive Conventional Arms, Ammunition, and Explosives, when
the clause at DFARS <xref href="252.223-7007.dita#DFARS_252.223-7007"
                  base="DFARS-252.223-7007"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.223-7007</xref>,
Safeguarding Sensitive Conventional Arms, Ammunition, and Explosives,
is included in the contract. An extract of the pertinent information
can be provided instead of the contract.</p>
         <p id="NAZJfl" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) If electronic distribution
is not available, provide one paper copy to each location identified
in paragraphs (3)(i) through (iii) of this section.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
