<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_225.7021-3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title "> 
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 225.7021-3</ph> National security waiver of disclosure.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p outputclass="List1">(b) Determination. The national security waiver request to the senior procurement executive shall include—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) The disclosure requirements to which the national security waiver applies; </p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2) The time period that the waiver will cover; </p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(3) A description of the contract requirement; </p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(4) Impacts if a national security waiver is not granted; </p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(5) Operational and national security implications; </p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(6) Other national security considerations, such as how the requested waiver will contribute to national security policy or operational security. </p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(c) Include a copy of the signed determination in the contract file. </p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(d) For a military department or defense agency provide a copy of the approved national security waiver to the Principal Deputy, <ph rev="Revised July 29, 2024">Defense Pricing, Contracting, and Acquisition Policy</ph>, Contract Policy (DPC<ph rev="Revised July 29, 2024">AP</ph>/CP) via email at <xref href="http://osd.pentagon.ousd-a-s.mbx.dpc-cp@mail.mil"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external">osd.pentagon.ousd-a-s.mbx.dpc-cp@mail.mil</xref>. </p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(e) The following defense field activities shall submit requests for national security waivers to DPC<ph rev="Revised July 29, 2024">AP</ph>/CP via email at <xref href="http://osd.pentagon.ousd-a-s.mbx.dpc-cp@mail.mil"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external">osd.pentagon.ousd-a-s.mbx.dpc-cp@mail.mil</xref>: </p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) Department of Defense Education Activity. </p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2) Defense Human Resources Activity. </p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(3) Defense Microelectronics Activity. </p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(4) Defense Media Activity. </p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(5) Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences. </p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
