<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="DFARS-PGI_PGI_207.105"
            outputclass="3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 207.105</ph> Contents of written
acquisition plans.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p id="BsKtUR" class="- topic/p ">For acquisitions covered by DFARS <xref href="207.103.dita#DFARS-207.103"
                  base="DFARS-207.103"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">207.103</xref>(d)(i)(A) and (B),
correlate the plan to the DoD Future Years Defense Program, applicable
budget submissions, and the decision coordinating paper/program
memorandum, as appropriate. It is incumbent upon the planner to
coordinate the plan with all those who have a responsibility for
the development, management, or administration of the acquisition.
The acquisition plan should be provided to the contract administration
organization to facilitate resource allocation and planning for
the evaluation, identification, and management of contractor performance
risk.</p>
         <p id="LljbQl" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Acquisition background
and objectives</i>.</p>
         <p id="fSLtEE" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Statement of need</i>.
Include—</p>
         <p id="NfDfVp" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Applicability of an acquisition
decision document, a milestone decision review, or a service review,
as appropriate.</p>
         <p id="uIQxox" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) The date approval for
operational use has been or will be obtained. If waivers are requested,
describe the need for the waivers.</p>
         <p id="vYolIl" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) A milestone chart depicting
the acquisition objectives.</p>
         <p id="nsZkPZ" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D) Milestones for updating
the acquisition plan. Indicate when the plan will be updated. Program
managers should schedule updates to coincide with DAB reviews and
the transition from one phase to another (e.g., system development
and demonstration to production and deployment).</p>
         <p id="XDpBRe" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(E) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Supplies and services.</i> To
determine if acquisitions for supplies or services are covered by
DFARS 208.7, acquisition officials shall use the AbilityOne Program
Procurement List published by the Committee for Purchase From People
Who Are Blind or Severely Disabled at http://www.abilityone.gov/procurement_list/index.html
(see FAR 8.7).</p>
         <p id="iEqpxh" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)(i) Life-cycle cost. When
acquiring tents or other temporary structures, consider total life-cycle
costs in accordance with DFARS <xref href="215.101.dita#DFARS-215.101"
                  base="DFARS-215.101"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">215.101</xref>.</p>
         <p id="xKjZjs" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(8) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Acquisition streamlining</i>.
See DoDD 5000.1, The Defense Acquisition System, and the Defense
Acquisition Guidebook at https://dag.dau.mil/Pages/Default.aspx.</p>
         <p id="jiEeFX" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Plan of action</i>.</p>
         <p id="sMQtMr" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Competition.</i> For
information on various approaches that may be used to competitively
fulfill DoD requirements, see the Office of the Under Secretary
of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics Guidelines
for Creating and Maintaining a Competitive Environment for Supplies
and Services in the Department of Defense.</p>
         <p id="gtZUus" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Acquisition considerations</i>.
When supplies or services will be acquired by placing an order under
a non-DoD contract (e.g., a Federal Supply Schedule contract), regardless
of whether the order is placed by DoD or by another agency on behalf
of DoD, address the method of ensuring that the order will be consistent
with DoD statutory and regulatory requirements applicable to the
acquisition and the requirements for use of DoD appropriated funds.</p>
         <p id="HyscaF" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Budgeting and funding</i>.
Include specific references to budget line items and program elements,
where applicable, estimated production unit cost, and the total
cost for remaining production.</p>
         <p id="fqonmB" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Product or service
descriptions</i>. For development acquisitions, describe the market
research undertaken to identify commercial items, commercial items
with modifications, or nondevelopmental items (see FAR Part 10)
that could satisfy the acquisition objectives.</p>
         <p id="fJaPMj" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(14) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Logistics considerations</i>.</p>
         <p id="yBVAWu" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Describe the extent of
integrated logistics support planning, including total life cycle
system management and performance-based logistics. Reference approved
plans. See PGI 245.103-73 for information on reporting requirements for
Government inventory held by contractors under sustainment contracts
in accordance with DoD Manual 4140.01, Volume 6, DoD Supply Chain
Materiel Management Procedures: Materiel Returns, Retention, and
Disposition.</p>
         <p id="TmpDdI" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)(1) Discuss the mission
profile, reliability, and maintainability (R&amp;M) program plan,
R&amp;M predictions, redundancy, qualified parts lists, parts and
material qualification, R&amp;M requirements imposed on vendors,
failure analysis, corrective action and feedback, and R&amp;M design
reviews and trade-off studies. Also discuss corrosion prevention
and mitigation plans.</p>
         <p id="hJPkcE" outputclass="List5" class="- topic/p ">(2) See the Under Secretary
of Defense Acquisition and Sustainment Policy Memo, dated January
31, 2019, entitled “<xref href="https://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/pgi/docs/2019-D003_TAB_G_Policy_Memo_013119_10_USC_sec_2443.pdf"
                  format="pdf"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">Implementation of 10 U.S.C.
2443—Sustainment Factors in Weapon System Design</xref>” and DoD
Instruction 5000.02, Operation of the Defense Acquisition System,
policies and procedures.</p>
         <p id="anSLet" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) For all acquisitions,
see Subpart 227.71 regarding technical data and associated license
rights, and Subpart 227.72 regarding computer software and associated
license rights. For acquisitions involving major weapon systems
and subsystems of major weapon systems, see the additional requirements
at DFARS 207.106(S-70).</p>
         <p id="WvsFMx" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) See DoD 4120.24-M, Defense
Standardization Program (DSP) Policies and Procedures.</p>
         <p id="fniHjZ" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(S-70) Describe the extent
of Computer-Aided Acquisition and Logistics Support (CALS) implementation
(see MIL-STD-1840C, Automated Interchange of Technical Information).</p>
         <p id="NzXsua" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(17) Environmental and energy
conservation objectives.</p>
         <p id="VUvGjk" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Discuss actions taken
to ensure either elimination of or authorization to use class I
ozone-depleting chemicals and substances (see DFARS Subpart 223.8).</p>
         <p id="nEVPyT" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Ensure compliance with
DoDI 4715.23, Integrated Recycling and Solid Waste Management.</p>
         <p id="DgCSFT" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(20) Other considerations.</p>
         <p id="SyJtWO" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) National Technology and
Industrial Base. For major defense acquisition programs, address
the following (10 U.S.C. 2506)—</p>
         <p id="KNWtnB" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(1) An analysis of the capabilities
of the national technology and industrial base to develop, produce,
maintain, and support such program, including consideration of the
following factors related to foreign dependency (10 U.S.C. 2505)—</p>
         <p id="hHoPMf" outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(i) The availability of essential
raw materials, special alloys, composite materials, components,
tooling, and production test equipment for the sustained production
of systems fully capable of meeting the performance objectives established
for those systems; the uninterrupted maintenance and repair of such systems;
and the sustained operation of such systems.</p>
         <p id="ikIJXX" outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(ii) The identification of
items specified in paragraph (b)(19)(A)(1)(i) of this section that
are available only from sources outside the national technology
and industrial base.</p>
         <p id="JaDaex" outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(iii) The availability of
alternatives for obtaining such items from within the national technology
and industrial base if such items become unavailable from sources
outside the national technology and industrial base; and an analysis
of any military vulnerability that could result from the lack of
reasonable alternatives.</p>
         <p id="QVjjUX" outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(iv) The effects on the national
technology and industrial base that result from foreign acquisition
of firms in the United States.</p>
         <p id="kuuMCx" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(2) Consideration of requirements
for efficient manufacture during the design and production of the
systems to be procured under the program.</p>
         <p id="DJqLuk" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(3) The use of advanced manufacturing
technology, processes, and systems during the research and development
phase and the production phase of the program.</p>
         <p id="cbEDlR" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(4) To the maximum extent
practicable, the use of contract solicitations that encourage competing
offerors to acquire, for use in the performance of the contract,
modern technology, production equipment, and production systems
(including hardware and software) that increase the productivity
of the offerors and reduce the life-cycle costs.</p>
         <p id="Bynyxd" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(5) Methods to encourage
investment by U.S. domestic sources in advanced manufacturing technology
production equipment and processes through—</p>
         <p id="bSNiSd" outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(i) Recognition of the contractor’s
investment in advanced manufacturing technology production equipment,
processes, and organization of work systems that build on workers’
skill and experience, and work force skill development in the development
of the contract objective; and</p>
         <p id="JxfmOa" outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Increased emphasis in
source selection on the efficiency of production.</p>
         <p id="uLdkIU" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(6) Expanded use of commercial
manufacturing processes rather than processes specified by DoD.</p>
         <p id="woctVl" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(7) Elimination of barriers
to, and facilitation of, the integrated manufacture of commercial
items and items being produced under DoD contracts.</p>
         <p id="JcaiRV" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(8) Expanded use of commercial
items, commercial items with modifications, or to the extent commercial items
are not available, nondevelopmental items (see FAR Part 10).</p>
         <p id="CqySoL" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(9) Acquisition of major
weapon systems as commercial items (see DFARS Subpart <xref href="PGI_234.70.dita#i1497249"
                  base="i1497249"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">234.70</xref> ).</p>
         <p id="eYbzjn" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Industrial Capability
(IC)</i>.</p>
         <p id="ogixep" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) Provide the program’s
IC strategy that assesses the capability of the U.S. industrial
base to achieve identified surge and mobilization goals. If no IC
strategy has been developed, provide supporting rationale for this
position.</p>
         <p id="TRnmax" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) If, in the IC
strategy, the development of a detailed IC plan was determined to
be applicable, include the plan by text or by reference. If the
development of the IC plan was determined not to be applicable,
summarize the details of the analysis forming the basis of this
decision.</p>
         <p id="Wslche" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>) If the program
involves peacetime and wartime hardware configurations that are
supported by logistics support plans, identify their impact on the
IC plan.</p>
         <p id="GxEoJf" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Special considerations
for acquisition planning for crisis situations.</i> Ensure that
the requirements of DoD Instruction 1100.22, Policy and Procedures
for Determining Workforce Mix, are addressed. Also—</p>
         <p id="zjKbiM" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) Acquisition planning
must consider whether a contract is likely to be performed in crisis
situations outside the United States and must develop appropriately
detailed measures for inclusion in the contract. Combatant commanders
establish operational plans identifying essential services that
must continue during crisis. DoDI 1100.22 requires Combatant Commanders
to develop contingency plans if they have a reasonable doubt that
a contractor will continue to provide essential services during
a mobilization or crisis. When planning the acquisition, consider
these operational plans and the resources available to carry out
these plans.</p>
         <p id="REPqcv" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) During acquisition
planning, identify which services have been declared so essential
that they must continue during a crisis situation. A best practice
is to create a separate section, paragraph, line, or other designation
in the contract for these essential services so they can be tracked
to an option or separate contract line item.</p>
         <p id="HOHBYS" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>) The requirements
for the contractor written plan for continuity of essential services
and the criteria for assessing the sufficiency of the plan will
be determined/tailored for each acquisition of essential services by
the contracting officer in coordination with the functional manager.
The contractor's written plan, including prices/cost, shall be considered
and evaluated in conjunction with the technical evaluation of offers.</p>
         <p id="ohcBpG" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">4</i>) Operational-specific
contractor policies and requirements resulting from combatant commander
“integrated planning” will be described in operation plans (OPLAN),
operation orders (OPORD) or separate annexes, and must be incorporated
into applicable contracts. The plans may include rules for theater
entry, country clearance, use of weapons, living on-base, etc. Therefore,
the requiring activity is responsible for obtaining pertinent OPLANs,
OPORDs, and annexes (or unclassified extracts) from the affected
combatant command or military service element or component and for
ensuring that the contract is consistent with the theater OPLAN
and OPORD.</p>
         <p id="ckDDEu" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">5</i>) Ask the requiring
activity to confirm that the appropriate personnel department has
determined that inherently Governmental functions are not included
in the contract requirements. If contract services will become inherently
Governmental during a time of crisis, ensure that the contract states
that work will be removed from the contract (temporarily or permanently)
upon the occurrence of a triggering event (specified in the contract)
or upon notice from the contracting officer that informs the contractor
when its responsibility to perform affected duties will stop or
restart. The contract should require the contractor to have a plan
for restarting performance after the crisis ends.</p>
         <p id="iWcifO" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">6</i>) If the combatant
commander’s contingency plan requires military members to replace
contractor employees during a crisis or contingency, acquisition
planning must consider whether the contract should require the contractor
to train military members to do that.</p>
         <p id="VHlMRg" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">7</i>) For acquisitions
that have or may have some portion of delivery of items or performance
in a foreign country, address considerations and requirements set
forth in DFARS <xref href="225.370.dita#DFARS-225.370"
                  base="DFARS-225.370"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">225.370</xref>,
Contracts requiring performance or delivery in a foreign country; <xref href="PGI_225.371.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_225.371"
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_225.371"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">225.371</xref> , Contractor personnel supporting U.S. Armed Forces deployed
outside the United States; <xref href="PGI_225.372.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_225.372"
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_225.372"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">225.372</xref> , Antiterrorism/force protection, and <xref href="PGI_225.373.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_225.373"
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_225.373"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">225.373</xref> , Contract administration in support of contingency
operations.</p>
         <p id="GHJKCp" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">8</i>) Contract administration
planning considerations for contracts in support of contingency
operations.</p>
         <p id="rwVdte" outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">i</i>) When delegation
of contract administration services to a contracting officer located
in a different geographic area to support a contract for the delivery
of items or performance in a joint operations area will or may occur,
address the resourcing of contract administration and oversight
personnel, including administrative contracting officers, quality
assurance specialists, contract administrators, property administrators,
and contracting officers’ representatives.</p>
         <p id="CTnOEG" outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ii</i>) If contract delivery
of items or performance in support of contingency operations will
or may occur in an austere, uncertain, or hostile environment, address
the need for logistics support of contract administration and oversight
personnel.</p>
         <p id="xNvZjP" outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">iii</i>) When some portion
of contract delivery of items or performance may take place in a
contingency area, address pertinent combatant commander or joint
force commander requirements and considerations for contract administration.
Such requirements will be maintained on the particular combatant
commander operational contract support website,<ph rev="Revised March 18, 2022" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref href="https://www.acq.osd.mil/asda/dpc/cp/cc/aor.html"
                     format="html"
                     scope="external"
                     class="- topic/xref "> https://www.acq.osd.mil/asda/dpc/cp/cc/aor.html</xref>
            </ph>.</p>
         <p id="XxmMGH" outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">iv</i>) When contracts
are awarded for performance in a contingency area, the head of the
contracting activity is responsible for planning to ensure that
contingency contracts will be closed in a timely manner considering
personnel turnover and preaward, contract administration, and other
contracting workload. A plan for reachback support of contract closeouts
should be included, if required.</p>
         <p id="QTLeNy" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">9</i>) For contracts
that will incorporate the clause at DFARS <xref href="252.225-7040.dita#DFARS-252.225-7040"
                  base="DFARS-252.225-7040"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.225-7040</xref>,
Contractor Personnel Supporting U.S. Armed Forces Deployed Outside
the United States, in accordance with DFARS <xref href="225.371-5.dita#DFARS-225.371-5"
                  base="DFARS-225.371-5"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">225.371-5</xref>(a), or otherwise
require accountability for contractor personnel, consider the requirements
and resources necessary for both the Government and contractor to
keep the Synchronized Predeployment and Operational Tracker (SPOT)
current in accordance with the SPOT business rules available at
the website provided at http://www.acq.osd.mil/log/PS/ctr_mgt_accountability.html.</p>
         <p id="PTFfjr" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">10</i>) For contracts
that will incorporate the clause at FAR 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking
in Persons, consider the requirements and resources necessary for
both the Government and contractor to implement and maintain compliance
with Federal and DoD trafficking in persons requirements, including
PGI <xref href="PGI_222.1703.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_222.1703"
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_222.1703"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">222.1703</xref> .</p>
         <p id="sNUjUc" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Software and software
maintenance.</i> When acquiring software or software maintenance,
see DFARS <xref href="212.212.dita#DFARS-212.212"
                  base="DFARS-212.212"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">212.212</xref>.</p>
         <p id="vbfYDX" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(E) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Procurement Support
for Theater Security Cooperation Efforts</i>. When planning procurement
support for theater security cooperation efforts (e.g., military
exercises/training, base operations, weapons procurement, aviation fuels,
construction, or the President's Emergency Plan for Aids Relief
projects), planners should be aware that Department of State (DoS)
missions (embassies and consulates) do not provide such contracting
support; however, these missions can provide support for routine,
non-complex services and supplies used by U.S. Government personnel,
even if funded with foreign-military-sales case money (see DFARS
PGI <xref href="PGI_225.78.dita#i1497028"
                  base="i1497028"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">225.78</xref> ). Planners shall
take the following steps:</p>
         <p id="lOBdwi" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) Become familiar
with DoS Cable 11 STATE 030953, “Procurement Roles and Responsibilities
– General Services Officer and DoD Personnel” (see also DFARS PGI <xref href="PGI_225.78.dita#i1497028"
                  base="i1497028"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">225.78</xref>).</p>
         <p id="bepMHt" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) Request general
guidance from the combatant-command coordinator on past practices
in the particular location for which procurement support is to be
requested;</p>
         <p id="nUTeKO" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>) Contact the Defense
Attaché Office and/or General Services Officer (normally the embassy/consulate
contracting officer) at the DoS mission at least 60 days prior to
the requirement, or as soon as practicable, to obtain information
on–</p>
         <p id="IPiFSI" outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">i</i>) Availability of,
and procedures associated with, requesting DoS mission procurement
support;</p>
         <p id="RwHSVZ" outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ii</i>) Local sources
of supplies and services; and</p>
         <p id="VwAIFP" outputclass="List7" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">iii</i>) Business payment
practices to support DoD procurement of specific theater security
cooperation procurement requirements.</p>
         <p id="AzaqDv" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">4</i>) Ascertain whether
payment support is available from the DoS mission.</p>
         <p id="kGpXCM" outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">5</i>) When DoS contracting
support is determined to be unavailable or not allowed, ensure the
party of DoD military and/or civilians deploying to support the
particular Theater Security Cooperation effort either pre-arranges
DoD contracting support through reach-back, if possible, or if necessary,
includes a warranted contracting officer, field-ordering officer,
or credit-card holder, and, if necessary, a paying agent.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
