<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_PGI_212.7102-3"
            outputclass="4"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 212.7102-3</ph> Reporting requirements.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) By October 31 each year, departments and agencies shall submit a consolidated report identifying all contracts awarded under the Pilot Program on Acquisition of Military Purpose Nondevelopmental Items during the preceding fiscal year. Submit the required information via email at osd.pentagon.ousd-atl.mbx.cpic@mail.mil.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) The report shall include the following:</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Name of the contractor receiving a contract award under the pilot described in this subpart.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Description of the item or items to be acquired.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) The military purpose to be served by such item or items. </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) The amount of the contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5) Actions taken by the contracting officer to ensure that the price paid for such item(s) is fair and reasonable.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) The required format for the report is available at http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/pgi/docs/Template_for_Annual_Report_(PGI_212-7102-3_Pilot_for_Military_Purpose_Nondevelopmental%20Items).xlsx.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
