<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_PGI_225.770-4"
            outputclass="4"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 225.770-4</ph> Identifying USML items.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) The 21 categories of items on the United States Munitions List (USML) can be found at http://www.pmddtc.state.gov/regulations_laws/documents/official_itar/ITAR_Part_121.pdf. Where applicable, the categories also contain a statement with regard to the coverage of components and parts of items included in a category. For example, a category may include all components and parts of covered items, or only those components and parts specifically designed or modified for military use.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) In addition to the list of covered items, the USML provides explanation of terms needed to determine whether a particular item is or is not covered by the USML. </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) Within DoD, the experts on export control and the USML are in the Defense Technology Security Administration (DTSA). </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Official authorities and responsibilities of DTSA are in DoD Directive 5105.72, available at http://www.dtic.mil/whs/directives/corres/html/510572.htm. </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Additional information on DTSA and a correspondence link are available at http://www.dod.mil/policy/sections/policy_offices/dtsa/index.html.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
