<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_PGI_228.370-2"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title " rev="Revised March 22, 2023"> 
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 228.370-2</ph> General.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p " rev="Revised March 22, 2023">(a) <i>Assignment of a Government flight representative.</i> DFARS <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-252.228-7001"
                  href="252.228-7001.dita#DFARS_252.228-7001">252.228-7001</xref>, Ground and Flight Risk, requires the assignment of a Government flight representative (GFR) to administer the requirements of the combined instruction Contractor’s Flight and Ground Operations, (DCMA INST 8210.1, AFI 10-220, AR 95-20, NAVAIRINST 3710.1 (Series), and COMDTINST M13020.3). At the time the solicitation is issued, contracting officers shall contact DCMA Aircraft Operations (AO) and the appropriate military service to obtain technical advice and allow adequate lead time for assigning a GFR. Make requests for assignment of a GFR to—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised March 22, 2023">HQ DCMA: DCMA-AO</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised March 22, 2023">8000 Jefferson Davis Highway</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised March 22, 2023">Building 4A</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised March 22, 2023">Richmond, VA 23297</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised March 22, 2023">804–279-6322</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised March 22, 2023">Email: AOInbox@dcma.mil (include "Ground and Flight Risk Clause" on the subject line)</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised March 22, 2023">Army: HQ, Army Materiel Command</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised March 22, 2023">ATTN: AMCOL-CA</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised March 22, 2023">4400 Martin Road</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised March 22, 2023">Redstone Arsenal, AL 35898</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised March 22, 2023">256–450-7021</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised March 22, 2023">Navy: Commander, Naval Air Systems Command (AIR-09F)</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised March 22, 2023">22541 Millstone Road, Unit 10</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised March 22, 2023">Patuxent River, MD 20670-1601</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised March 22, 2023">301– 342–7233</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised March 22, 2023">Air Force: HQ AFMC/A3V</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised March 22, 2023">508 W. Choctawhatchee</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised March 22, 2023">Eglin AFB, FL 32542-5713</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised March 22, 2023">850– 882–7890</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised March 22, 2023">Workflow: afmc.a3v@us.af.mil</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised March 22, 2023">Coast Guard: Commanding Officer</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised March 22, 2023">Aviation Logistics Center</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised March 22, 2023">U.S. Coast Guard</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised March 22, 2023">1664 Weeksville Road, Building 63</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " rev="Revised March 22, 2023">Elizabeth City, NC 27909-6725</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" rev="Revised March 22, 2023">(c) <i>Foreign military sales</i>. The Government self-insures through the use of the clause at 252.228-7001, which requires risk-mitigation procedures in lieu of private-sector, commercially-available hull insurance to cover the physical aircraft from damage or destruction, similar to the comprehensive portion of automobile insurance. It does not address personnel liability. For contracts falling under the exceptions at DFARS 228.371(b)(1)(iii), (iv), and (vi), review the commercial insurance policy to determine what coverage exists on the contract aircraft. Commercial hull insurance policies may contain various coverage exclusions, particularly for Government-furnished aircraft, which may mean the Government is at risk without the risk management safeguards provided through the Combined Instruction.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" rev="Revised March 22, 2023"> (f) <i>Damage to Government aircraft</i>. Whenever damage to Government aircraft is reported, particularly when the cost of repair exceeds the contractor’s share of loss provisions, the contracting officer shall make a proper liability determination. For most situations, determining whether an incident is an accident or mishap or a workmanship error can be made based on intent of the employee(s) involved. Although each incident involving damage should be evaluated on its own merits, use the following general rules and examples when determining if an incident constitutes an accident or mishap (damage normally covered under the clause at 252.228-7001) or a workmanship error (damage not normally covered under the clause at 252.228-7001).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" rev="Revised March 22, 2023"> (1) An accident or mishap is the result of a task, operation, or action that was not originally planned or intended. For example, a mechanic was pushing a stand next to the aircraft and scratches the inlet coating. The intent of the task was to move the stand, not to scratch the coating. This would be considered accident or mishap damage to the aircraft, and a contractor should expect to be reimbursed under the clause at 252.228-7001 (minus the appropriate contractor share of loss).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" rev="Revised March 22, 2023"> (2)(i) A workmanship error consists of damage that is the result of an incorrectly performed skill-based task, operation, or action that was originally planned or intended, but the end result was not within allowable limits. For example, a mechanic was scraping coating off an inlet and removed too much material. The intent of the task was to scrape the inlet coating, but too much was removed. This would not be considered aircraft damage reimbursed under the clause at 252.228-7001.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" rev="Revised March 22, 2023"> (ii) Missing a step in a procedure or checklist item is not considered a skill-based error and therefore is not considered workmanship error damage.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
