<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_242.7100"
            outputclass="3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 242.7100</ph> General.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  A voluntary refund may be solicited (requested by the Government) or unsolicited.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  Generally, request voluntary refunds only after determining that no contractual remedy is readily available to recover the amount sought.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  Acceptance of unsolicited refunds does not prejudice remedies otherwise available to the Government.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  Before soliciting a voluntary refund or accepting an unsolicited one, the contracting officer should have legal counsel review the contract and related data to—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  Confirm that there are no readily available contractual remedies; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  Advise whether the proposed action would jeopardize or impair the Government's rights.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  Request voluntary refunds only when—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  The contracting officer concludes that the contractor overcharged under a contract, or inadequately compensated the Government for the use of Government-owned property, or inadequately compensated the Government in the disposition of contractor inventory; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  Retention of the amount in question by the contractor or subcontractor would be contrary to good conscience and equity.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4)  Do not solicit voluntary refunds without approval of the head of the contracting activity, or as provided in department/agency regulations.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5)  Voluntary refunds may be requested during or after contract performance.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6)  A contract modification, rather than a check, is the preferred means of effecting a solicited or unsolicited refund transacted before final payment.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  For modifications, adjust the price for the refund and credit the refund to the applicable appropriation cited in the contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  For checks—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  Advise the contractor to—</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(1)</i>   Make the check payable to the agency that awarded the contract;</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(2)</i>  Forward the check to the contracting officer or, when the contract is assigned to another office for administration, to that office; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(3)</i>  Include a letter with the check—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(i)</i>  Identifying it as a voluntary refund;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(ii)</i>  Giving the contract number involved; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(iii)</i>  Where possible, giving the appropriation and account number to be credited; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  Forward the check to the office responsible for control of funds.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
