<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-PGI_PGI_247.271-3"
            outputclass="4"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 247.271-3</ph>  Solicitation provisions, schedule formats, and contract clauses.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  DTR 4500.9-R, Defense Transportation Regulation, Part IV, Appendix G-3 (available at http://www.transcom.mil/dtr/part-iv/dtr-part-4-app-g3.pdf), contains guidance on schedules as follows:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Schedule I Outbound Services, Pages 6-12.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Schedule II Inbound Services, Pages 13-17.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Schedule III Intra-City and Intra-Area Moves, Page 18.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Demurrage and detention charges</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  Carrier demurrage/detention is a charge made against a consignor (shipper) or consignee (receiver) for the extended use of carrier-furnished equipment when delays attributable to the consignor or consignee occur.  Carrier demurrage/detention rules usually allow a period of free time for loading, unloading, or holding equipment.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  Carrier-published demurrage/detention rules and charges are not uniform from one carrier to another.  Contracting officers should specifically address them in the contract.  While demurrage/detention rules are published in individual carrier tariffs or agency tenders, Contracting Officers may negotiate contract-specific demurrage/detention rules and charges independent of any existing tariffs or tenders.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6)  Process any modification of schedule format, other than those authorized in paragraph (c) of this subsection, as a request for deviation to the Commander, SDDC.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
