<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="i1487813"
            outputclass="5"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 222.101-3-70</ph> Impact of labor disputes on defense programs.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)	If the dispute involves a product, project (including construction), or service that must be obtained in order to meet schedules for urgently needed military programs or requirements, each department and agency shall consider the degree of impact of potential or actual labor disputes, and each contracting activity involved shall obtain and develop data reflecting the impact of a labor dispute. Upon determining the impact, the head of the contracting activity shall submit a report of findings and recommendations to the labor advisor. </p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)(i) The report to the labor advisor must be in narrative form and must include—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Location of dispute and name of contractor or subcontractor involved;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) A description of the impact, including how the specific items or services affect the specific programs or requirements;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) Identity of alternate sources available to furnish the supply or service within the time required; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D) A description of any action taken to reduce the impact.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) The head of the contracting activity shall submit impact reports to the agency head when—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Specifically requested; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) The department or agency considers the impact to be of sufficient urgency to warrant the attention of the agency head.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) The labor advisor will expand the report submitted under paragraph (b)(ii) of this subsection by addressing the following, as appropriate:</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Description of military program, project, or service</i>. Identify item, project, or service that will be or is being affected by the work stoppage. Describe its normal use and current functions in combat, combat support, or deterrent operations. For components or raw materials, identify the end item(s) for which they are used.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Requirements and assets</i>. Identify requirements and assets in appropriate detail in terms commonly used by the DoD component.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) For production programs, include requirements for each using military service. Where applicable, state in detail production schedule, inventory objectives, assets against these objectives, and critical shortages. For spares and highly expendable items, such as ground and air ammunition, show usage (consumption) rates and assets in absolute terms and in terms of daily, weekly, or monthly supplies. For components, include requirements for spares.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) For projects, describe the potential adverse effects of a delay in meeting schedules, and its impact on the national security.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>) For services, describe how a loss or interruption affects the ability to support Defense operations in terms of traffic requirements, assets, testing programs, etc.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Possible measures to minimize strike impact</i>. Describe—</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) Capabilities, if any, to substitute items or to use alternate sources and indicate the number of other facilities available and the relative capabilities of such facilities in meeting total requirements;</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) How much time would be required to replace the loss of the facilities or service affected by a work stoppage; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>) The feasibility of transferring assets from theater to theater to relieve deficits in some areas of urgency.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Conclusion</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">1</i>) Describe the impact on operations of a 15-30, 30-60, and a 60-90 day work stoppage.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2</i>) Project the degree of criticality of a program, project, or service resulting from a work stoppage on a calendar basis, indicating the increased impact, if any, as the stoppage lengthens. Criticality is measured by the number of days required for the work stoppage to have an effect on operational capability. This time must be stated in terms of days.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
