<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_PGI_230.201-5" outputclass="4" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 230.201-5</ph> Waiver.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)(1)(i) Unless otherwise authorized by the Director of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Office of the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics), the military departments must submit each CAS waiver request to the Director of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy for review at least 14 days before granting the waiver.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) DoD contracting activities that are not within a military department must submit CAS waiver requests that meet the conditions in FAR 30.201-5(b) to the Director of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy for approval at least 30 days before the anticipated contract award date.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e) The annual report of exceptional case CAS waivers shall include the following:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Title: Waiver of CAS Requirements</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(1) Contract number, including modification number, if applicable, and program name.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(2) Contractor name.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(3) Contracting activity.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(4) Total dollar amount waived.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(5) Brief description of why the item(s) could not be obtained without a waiver.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(6) Brief description of the specific steps taken to ensure price reasonableness.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">(7) Brief description of the demonstrated benefits of granting the waiver.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
