<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-PGI_PGI_204.804-3"
            outputclass="4"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 204.804-3</ph> Closeout of paying office contract files.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Automated contract closeout.</i> As permitted by <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 4.804-5</ph>(a), automated contract closeout allows a system to initiate and execute the closeout action. The contract qualifies for the automated closeout process if the contract—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Is firm-fixed priced;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Does not exceed a total contract value of $500,000 (inclusive of exercised options); and</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Does not contain any of the following provisions requiring administrative action at closeout:</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 52.211-11</ph> Liquidated Damages—Supplies, Services, or Research and Development.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 52.216-7</ph> Allowable Cost and Payment.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 52.227-9</ph> Refund of Royalties.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D) <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 52.227-11</ph> Patent Rights—Ownership by the Contractor.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(E) <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 52.227-13</ph> Patent Rights—Ownership by the Government.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(F) <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 52.232-16</ph> Progress Payments.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(G) <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 52.232-29</ph> Terms for Financing of Purchases of Commercial Items.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(H) <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 52.232-30</ph> Installment Payments for Commercial Items.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(I) <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 52.232-32</ph> Performance-Based Payments.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(J) <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 52.245-1</ph> Government Property.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(K) <ph xtrc="FARxref" class="- topic/ph ">FAR 52.248-1</ph> Value Engineering.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Components may apply additional conditions not listed above, as necessary to ensure all contract requirements have been completed prior to closeout.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
