<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS-PGI_PGI_215.404-2"
            outputclass="4"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 215.404-2</ph> Data to support proposal analysis.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Field pricing assistance.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) The contracting officer should consider requesting field pricing assistance (See PGI <ph xtrc="PGIxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_215.404-2"
                     href="PGI_215.404-2.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_215.404-2">215.404-2</xref>
            </ph>(c) for when audit assistance should be requested) for—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Fixed-price proposals exceeding the certified cost or pricing data threshold;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Cost-type proposals exceeding the certified cost or pricing data threshold from offerors with significant estimating system deficiencies (see DFARS <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-215.407-5"
                  href="215.407-5.dita#DFARS-215.407-5">215.407-5</xref>-70(a)(4) and (c)(2)(i)); or</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) Cost-type proposals exceeding $10 million from offerors without significant estimating system deficiencies.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) The contracting officer should not request field pricing support for proposed contracts or modifications in an amount less than that specified in paragraph (a)(i) of this subsection. An exception may be made when a reasonable pricing result cannot be established because of—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) A lack of knowledge of the particular offeror; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Sensitive conditions (e.g., a change in, or unusual problems with, an offeror’s internal systems). </p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Audit assistance for prime contracts or subcontracts.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) The contracting officer should consider requesting audit assistance from DCAA for—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Fixed-price proposals exceeding $10 million;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Cost-type proposals exceeding $100 million.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) The contracting officer should not request DCAA audit assistance for proposed contracts or modifications in an amount less than that specified in paragraph (c)(i) of this subsection unless there are exceptional circumstances explained in the request for audit. (See PGI <ph xtrc="PGIxref" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_215.404-2"
                     href="PGI_215.404-2.dita#DFARS-PGI_PGI_215.404-2">215.404-2</xref>
            </ph>(a)(i) for requesting field pricing assistance without a DCAA audit.)</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) If, in the opinion of the contracting officer or auditor, the review of a prime contractor's proposal requires further review of subcontractors' cost estimates at the subcontractors' plants (after due consideration of reviews performed by the prime contractor), the contracting officer should inform the administrative contracting officer (ACO) having cognizance of the prime contractor before the review is initiated.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) Notify the appropriate contract administration activities when extensive, special, or expedited field pricing assistance will be needed to review and evaluate subcontractors' proposals under a major weapon system acquisition. If audit reports are received on contracting actions that are subsequently cancelled, notify the cognizant auditor in writing.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(v) Requests for audit assistance for subcontracts should use the same criteria as established in paragraphs (c)(i) and (c)(ii) of this subsection.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
