<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_PGI_209.105-1"
            outputclass="4"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 209.105-1</ph> Obtaining Information.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">GSA's System for Award Management (SAM), which is available at http://www.acquisition.gov/, identifies entities excluded throughout the U.S. Government (unless otherwise noted) from receiving Federal contracts or certain subcontracts and from certain types of Federal financial and non-financial assistance and benefits. The SAM website provides useful documents and on-line training to assist with SAM navigation and data entry. User Guides and Demonstration Videos can be found in the User Help section after clicking the HELP link at the top of the website homepage. The former Excluded Parties List System (EPLS) information is within the Performance Information functional area of SAM, and is maintained as “Exclusions” data. Exclusions are located in the Data Access area of SAM which can be accessed by navigating the following path after logging into the SAM website. Select Tab – MYSAM, Tab - Data Access, and Tab – Exclusions.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Multiple agencies have the authority to suspend or debar entities from “doing business” with the Government. There are approximately 71 separate cause and treatment codes under which entities have been suspended or debarred or excluded. New exclusion records created in SAM will no longer be identified with cause and treatment codes. Exclusions will be associated with one of four exclusion types: Preliminarily Ineligible (Proceedings Pending), Ineligible (Proceedings Completed), Prohibition/Restriction, Voluntary Exclusion. Each cause and treatment code is linked to one exclusion type.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) The exclusion type advises readers of the nature of the exclusion, debarment, or suspension and how those listed in the SAM Exclusions should be treated. However, the fact that an entity is listed in the SAM Exclusions does not necessarily mean the entity is ineligible for contract award. Review of the exclusion type is crucial in ensuring that listed entities are not deprived of their “liberty interest” in conducting business with the Government.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) When the Department of Justice Bureau of Justice Assistance debars individuals under 10 U.S.C. <ph rev="Revised December 30, 2022">4656</ph>, they are placed in the SAM Exclusions under cause and treatment code FF (Reciprocal), which is now linked to exclusion type, Ineligible (Proceedings Completed). The records for individuals currently entered into EPLS and listed under this cause and treatment code can be found in the SAM Exclusions. Records created in EPLS have both a cause and treatment code and an exclusion type listed.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
