<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            id="DFARS_PGI_PGI_253.208-1"
            outputclass="4"
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title class="- topic/title " id="dQQ9wU">
         <ph class="- topic/ph " id="6MZLnF" props="autonumber">PGI 253.208-1</ph>  DD Form 448, Military Interdepartmental Purchase Request.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody " id="FazKfp">
         <p class="- topic/p " id="iUGuo0" outputclass="List1">(a)  Use the DD Form 448 as prescribed in PGI 
               <xref base="i1495348"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  href="PGI_208.70.dita#i1495348"
                  id="uDKOHK"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">208.70</xref>
            .</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="IiWJou" outputclass="List1">(b)  Prepare MIPR information in uniform contract format when possible.  Overprint of fixed repetitive information is authorized.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="pcC3Vk" outputclass="List1">(c)  Instructions for completion of DD Form 448.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="p2jyfI" outputclass="List2">(1)  BLOCK 5—MIPR NUMBER.  Number the MIPR by using—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="Kv0OaG" outputclass="List3">(i)  The requiring department identification code as prescribed in DoD 4000.25-6-M, Department of Defense Activity Address Directory (DoDAAD);</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="1MvUaw" outputclass="List3">(ii)  The last digit of the fiscal year; and</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="wRgMz2" outputclass="List3">(iii)  The number of the particular MIPR (numbered consecutively by the requiring activity).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="YJ5hIR" outputclass="List2">(2)  BLOCK 6—AMEND NO.  Assign a suffix number.  Assign amendments of the same MIPR consecutive suffix numbers.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="dJp7N3" outputclass="List2">(3)  BLOCK 9.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="pdaI1Q" outputclass="List3">(i)  Conduct interdepartmental screening of items in accordance with FAR 8.001.  Requisition items which are available from stocks of other departments as follows:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="adHIJh" outputclass="List4">(A)  Obtain items within the scope of MILSTRIP (see DoD 4000.25-1-M, Military Standard Requisitioning and Issue Procedures (MILSTRIP)) by use of DD Form 1348 (Single Line Item Requisition System Document (Manual), DoD))/1348M (Single Line Item Requisition System Document, DoD (Mechanical)).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="S7rtGG" outputclass="List4">(B)  Obtain items not covered by MILSTRIP using DD Form 1149, Requisition and Invoice/Shipping Document.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="msCujR" outputclass="List4">(C)  If, after receipt of a MIPR, it is determined the requested items are available from stock, the acquiring department shall use the MIPR to obtain the item.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="1GHHrI" outputclass="List3">(ii)  Normally restrict a MIPR to one major end item, including its required spare parts, ground support equipment, and similar related items.  For other than major end items, limit MIPRs to items within a single Federal supply class when possible.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="SnfSNo" outputclass="List2">(4)  BLOCK 10.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="hOwwwo" outputclass="List3">(i)  Delivery Schedules.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="HKKysu" outputclass="List4">(A)  The requiring department must clearly state the required time of delivery or performance in each MIPR, taking into consideration the normal administrative lead time of the particular commodity.  Delivery and performance schedules on MIPRs must be realistic (see FAR Subpart 11.4).  If the acquiring department cannot accept the delivery schedule in the MIPR, the acquiring department will note that on DD Form 448-2, Acceptance of MIPR.  Changes in the requested delivery schedule must be made by MIPR amendment.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="0uQIn1" outputclass="List4">(B)  When a short delivery schedule is mandatory, the requiring department shall mark the MIPR “URGENT” in bold letters and provide justification for the marking.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="EOFYXN" outputclass="List3">(ii)  Requiring activities must provide MILSTRIP requisition data prescribed in Appendix B of the MILSTRIP Manual for each line item which is to be delivered to each “ship to” address.  Repetitive data applicable to all lines on the MIPR may be overprinted.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="FwcUpE" outputclass="List3">(iii)  The requiring activity will furnish estimated weight, cube, and dimensions for each line item or a statement explaining why these data are not available.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="av906L" outputclass="List3">(iv)  The requiring activity shall include the name and telephone number of an individual who is thoroughly familiar with the MIPR, its attachments, and technical requirements.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="6hAW3N" outputclass="List3">(v)  Prepare attachments to MIPRs in sufficient numbers so that each copy of a MIPR submitted to the acquiring department is complete with a copy of all attachments.  “Ship To and Mark For” addresses in shipping instructions must include the clear text identification and DoDAAD code if assigned.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="juoV1U" outputclass="List2">(5)  BLOCK 12—TRANSPORTATION ALLOTMENT.  Enter allotment data for transportation of supplies at Government expense if appropriate.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="IdLW3N" outputclass="List2">(6)  BLOCK 13—MAIL INVOICES TO.  Use this block to identify the name and address of the office to receive invoices and make payment.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="dgnkeT" outputclass="List3">(i)  Complete the block only if—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="ejQzke" outputclass="List4">(A)  The resulting contract is not to be paid by the Defense Finance and Accounting Service; and</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="c2oghL" outputclass="List4">(B)  The office to receive invoices and make payment is known at the time of preparation of the MIPR.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="0AQVsU" outputclass="List3">(ii)  If payment is to be made by an office designated to receive invoices, also enter the DoDAAD code of that office.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="qKRuNl" outputclass="List3">(iii)  If payment is to be made by an office other than the office to which the invoice is to be mailed, include the name, address, and DoDAAD code of the payment office as an attachment to the MIPR.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="zjHG1e" outputclass="List3">(iv)  If multiple offices are to receive invoices and make payment, include the names and addresses of those offices as an attachment to the MIPR.  Also include the DoDAAD code of each payment office.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="vDZgLV" outputclass="List3">(v)  Whenever the payment office is included in an attachment, include a reference to the attachment in this block.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="As2VUq" outputclass="List3">(vi)  If the names and addresses of invoicing and payment offices are provided the acquiring department after submission of the MIPR, the requiring department also must provide the DoDAAD code for each payment office.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="wvaqY5" outputclass="List2">(7)  BLOCK 14.  Enter allotment data for the acquisition of supplies.  Enter each citation in Item 14 in the appropriate space as follows:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="NhOU9i" outputclass="List3">(i)  Accounting Classification Reference Number (ACRN).  If the ACRN procedures of PGI 
               <xref base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_204.7107"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  href="PGI_204.7107.dita#DFARS_PGI_PGI_204.7107"
                  id="qC0jRV"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  xtrc="204.7107">204.7107</xref>
             are used in the MIPR to relate allotment data to the MIPR item or delivery, enter the ACRN for each fund citation.  (The acquiring department, when preparing the contract, is not required to use the ACRN assigned to a fund citation in the MIPR.)</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="TgyovH" outputclass="List3">(ii)  Appropriation.  Enter the ten positions as follows:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="rmHvPT" outputclass="List4">(A)  First and second - Treasury Department number identifying the department or agency to which the appropriation applies or has been transferred.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="hY19yw" outputclass="List4">(B)  Third and fourth - Treasury Department number identifying the department or agency from which an appropriation has been transferred; leave blank if no transfer is involved.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="jVPbeZ" outputclass="List4">(C)  Fifth and sixth - Identify the appropriation fiscal year.  For multiple-year appropriations, the fifth position shall be the last digit of the first year of availability, and the sixth position shall be the last digit of the final year of availability.  For annual appropriations, the fifth position shall be blank, and the sixth position shall be the last digit of the fiscal year.  For no-year (continuing) appropriations, the fifth position shall be blank, and the sixth position shall be “X.”</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="Sj0Tmb" outputclass="List4">(D)  Seventh through tenth - Treasury Department appropriation serial number.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="9AkDL1" outputclass="List3">(iii)  Limit/Subhead.  Up to four characters; if less than four characters, leave empty spaces blank.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="9j5fDN" outputclass="List3">(iv)  Supplemental Accounting Classification Data.  Not to exceed 36 characters.  Enter in accordance with departmental or agency regulations.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="ZXaMtX" outputclass="List3">(v)  Accounting Station.  Enter the six character DoDAAD code of the accounting station (not used with Navy and Marine Corps funds).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="hBB4Fr" outputclass="List3">(vi)  Amount.  Enter the amount for each fund citation if more than one allotment is cited.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="FvFEY7" outputclass="List3">(vii)  Additional Citations.  If space is required for additional fund citations, include as an attachment and reference the attachment on the form.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="8OZXcV" outputclass="List1">(d)  When preparing a MIPR amendment, always fill out the basic information in Blocks 1 through 8.  Fill out only those other blocks which vary from the data shown on the basic MIPR or a prior amendment.  Insert “n/c” in items where there is no change.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="g4eJM3" outputclass="List1">(e)  Change of a disbursing office cited on a DoD funded MIPR does not require a MIPR amendment when the resultant contract is assigned for administration to the Defense Contract Management Agency.  The administrative contracting office may issue an administrative contract modification, copies of which will be provided to the contracting officer for transmittal to the requiring activity.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="uMN2aG" outputclass="List1">(f)  Signed or official record copies of MIPRs, and any amendments, shall be distributed electronically using both of the following methods:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="qX3ZyB" outputclass="List2">(1)  Indexed Portable Document Format files shall be manually uploaded or sent via the Global Exchange system (GEX) to the Electronic Data Access (EDA) (http://eda.ogden.disa.mil) system to provide a human-readable copy.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " id="uYYdHg" outputclass="List2">(2)  Electronic data files shall be sent via the GEX in Department of Defense Purchase Request Data Standard Extensible Markup Language (XML) format.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
