<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_PGI_208.7004-2"
            outputclass="4"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 208.7004-2</ph> Acceptance by acquiring department.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Acquiring departments formally accept a MIPR by DD Form 448-2, Acceptance of MIPR, as soon as practicable, but no later than 30 days after receipt of the MIPR. If the 30 day time limit cannot be met, the acquiring department must inform the requiring department of the reason for the delay, and the anticipated date the MIPR will be accepted. The acquiring department must accept MIPRs in writing before expiration of the funds.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) The acquiring department in accepting a MIPR will determine whether to use Category I (reimbursable funds citation) or Category II (direct funds citation) methods of funding.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Category I method of funding is used under the following circumstances and results in citing the funds of the acquiring department in the contract:</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Delivery is from existing inventories of the acquiring department;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Delivery is by diversion from existing contracts of the acquiring department;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) Production or assembly is through Government work orders in Government-owned plants;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(D) Production quantities are allocated among users from one or more contracts, and the identification of specific quantities of the end item to individual contracts is not feasible at the time of MIPR acceptance;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(E) Acquisition of the end items involves separate acquisition of components to be assembled by the acquiring department;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(F) Payments will be made without reference to deliveries of end items (e.g., cost-reimbursement type contracts and fixed-price contracts with progress payment clauses); or</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(G) Category II method of funding is not feasible and economical.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Category II method of funding is used in circumstances other than those in paragraph (2)(i) of this subsection. Category II funding results in citation of the requiring department's funds and MIPR number in the resultant contract.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) When the acquiring departments accepts a MIPR for Category I funding—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) The DD Form 448-2, Acceptance of MIPR, is the authority for the requiring department to record the obligation of funds;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) The acquiring department will annotate the DD Form 448-2 if contingencies, price revisions, or variations in quantities are anticipated. The acquiring department will periodically advise the requiring department, prior to submission of billings, of any changes in the acceptance figure so that the requiring department may issue an amendment to the MIPR, and the recorded obligation may be adjusted to reflect the current price;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) If the acquiring department does not qualify the acceptance of a MIPR for anticipated contingencies, the price on the acceptance will be final and will be billed at time of delivery; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) Upon receipt of the final billing (SF 1080, Voucher for Transferring Funds), the requiring department may adjust the fiscal records accordingly without authorization from or notice to the acquiring department.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) When the MIPR is accepted for Category II funding, a conformed copy of the contract (see DFARS <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-204.802"
                  href="204.802.dita#DFARS_204.802">204.802</xref>(1)(ii)) is the authority to record the obligation. When all awards have been placed to satisfy the total MIPR requirement, any unused funds remaining on the MIPR become excess to the acquiring department. The acquiring department will immediately notify the requiring department of the excess funds by submitting an Acceptance of MIPR (DD Form 448-2). This amendment is authorization for the requiring department to withdraw the funds. The acquiring department is prohibited from further use of such excess funds.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5) When the acquiring department requires additional funds to complete the contracting action for the requiring department, the request for additional funds must identify the exact items involved, and the reason why additional funds are required. The requiring department shall act quickly to—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Provide the funds by an amendment of the MIPR; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Reduce the requirements.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6) The accepting activity of the acquiring department shall remain responsible for the MIPR even though that activity may split the MIPR into segments for action by other contracting activities.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
