<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"><concept id="DFARS_252.211-7008" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.211-7008</ph> Use of Government-Assigned Serial Numbers</title><conbody outputclass="clause" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><p
class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <xref
href="211.274-5.dita#DFARS_211.274-5"
base="i1377938"
outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
class="- topic/xref ">211.274-<ph
rev="Revised January 22, 2024">5</ph></xref> (<ph
rev="Revised January 22, 2024">b</ph>), use the following clause:</p><p outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps" class="- topic/p ">USE OF GOVERNMENT-ASSIGNED SERIAL
NUMBERS (SEP 2010)</p><p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definitions</i>. As used in this
clause—</p><p class="- topic/p ">“Government-assigned serial number” means a combination of letters
or numerals in a fixed human-readable information format (text)
conveying information about a major end item, which is provided
to a contractor by the requiring activity with accompanying technical
data instructions for marking the Government-assigned serial number
on major end items to be delivered to the Government.</p><p class="- topic/p ">“Major end item” means a final combination of component parts
and/or materials which is ready for its intended use and of such
importance to operational readiness that review and control of inventory
management functions (procurement, distribution, maintenance, disposal,
and asset reporting) is required at all levels of life cycle management.
Major end items include aircraft; ships; boats; motorized wheeled,
tracked, and towed vehicles for use on highway or rough terrain;
weapon and missile end items; ammunition; and sets, assemblies,
or end items having a major end item as a component.</p><p class="- topic/p ">“Unique item identifier (UII)” means a set of data elements permanently
marked on an item that is globally unique and unambiguous and never
changes in order to provide traceability of the item throughout
its total life cycle. The term includes a concatenated UII or a
DoD-recognized unique identification equivalent.</p><p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) The Contractor shall mark the Government-assigned
serial numbers on those major end items as specified by line item in
the Schedule, in accordance with the technical instructions for
the placement and method of application identified in the terms
and conditions of the contract.</p><p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) The Contractor shall register the Government-assigned
serial number along with the major end item’s UII at the time of delivery
in accordance with the provisions of the clause at DFARS <xref href="252.211-7003.dita#DFARS_252.211-7003" base="i1381238" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref ">252.211-7003</xref> (d).</p><p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d) The Contractor shall establish the
UII for major end items for use throughout the life of the major
end item. The Contractor may elect, but is not required, to use
the Government-assigned serial number to construct the UII.</p><p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p></conbody></concept></dita>