<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS_228.370-1"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
            <title class="- topic/title "> 
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">228.370-1</ph> Definitions.</title>
            <conbody>
                  <p>As used in this section—</p>
                  <p> “Aircraft” means,unless otherwise provided in
                        the contract Schedule, any item, other than a rocket or missile, intended
                        for flight (e.g., fixed-winged aircraft, blended wing/lifting bodies,
                        helicopters, vertical take-off or landing aircraft, lighter-than-air
                        airships, and unmanned aerial vehicles), including emerging technologies
                        that would commonly be considered aircraft. New production articles become
                        aircraft at a stage of manufacture or production when a wing, portion of a
                        wing, or engine is attached to a fuselage. Blended wing/lifting bodies
                        become aircraft at a stage of manufacture or production when the center
                        portion and a lifting surface become attached.</p>
                  <p> “Civil aircraft” means an aircraft other than
                        a public aircraft or state aircraft.</p>
                  <p> “Contractor managerial personnel” means the
                        contractor’s directors, officers, managers, superintendents, or equivalent
                        representatives who have supervision or direction of—</p>
                  <p outputclass="List2"> (1) All, or substantially all, of the contractor’s
                        business;</p>
                  <p outputclass="List2"> (2) All, or substantially all, of the contractor’s
                        operation at any one plant or separate location; or</p>
                  <p outputclass="List2"> (3) A separate and complete major industrial
                        operation.</p>
                  <p> “Covered aircraft” means an aircraft owned by
                        or to be delivered to the Government and, when determined by the contracting
                        officer and specifically identified as such in the contract Schedule, may
                        include contractor-furnished aircraft that are not intended for induction
                        into the DoD inventory, including—</p>
                  <p outputclass="List2"> (1) Aircraft furnished by the Government to the
                        contractor under a contract while in the contractor’s possession, care,
                        custody, or control regardless of their location or state of disassembly or
                        reassembly;</p>
                  <p outputclass="List2"> (2) Items removed from a Government-furnished aircraft
                        that are—</p>
                  <p outputclass="List3"> (i) Intended for reinstallation on that particular
                        aircraft, which retain their status as covered aircraft while awaiting
                        installation; and</p>
                  <p outputclass="List3"> (ii) Not intended for reinstallation on that particular
                        aircraft, which lose their status as covered aircraft once removal is
                        complete;</p>
                  <p outputclass="List2"> (3) New production aircraft when wholly outside of
                        buildings on the contractor’s premises or other places described in the
                        contract Schedule (e.g., hush houses, run stations, and paint facilities);
                        and</p>
                  <p outputclass="List2"> (4) Commercial aircraft, to include commercially
                        available off-the-shelf aircraft, become covered aircraft when the
                        commercial aircraft arrives at the contractor’s place of performance for
                        modification under the terms of the contract.</p>
                  <p> “Crew member” means, unless otherwise provided
                        in the contract Schedule, personnel required in the flight manual, assigned
                        for the purpose of conducting any flight on behalf of the contractor. It
                        also includes any operator of an unmanned aerial vehicle.</p>
                  <p> “Flight” means any flight approved in writing
                        by the Government flight representative, to include taxi test made in the
                        performance of the contract, or flight for the purpose of safeguarding the
                        aircraft. All aircraft off the contractor's premises shall be considered to
                        be in flight when on the ground or water for reasonable periods of time
                        following emergency landings, landings made in performance of the contract,
                        or landings approved in writing by the contracting officer.</p>
                  <p> “Public aircraft” means an aircraft that meets
                        the definition in 49 U.S.C. 40102(a)(41) and the qualifications in 49 U.S.C.
                        40125. Specifically, a public aircraft means any of the following:</p>
                  <p outputclass="List2"> (1) An <xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-688838890-427448089&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src="
                  format="html"
                  scope="external">aircraft</xref> used only for the Government, except as
                        provided in paragraphs (5) and (7) of this definition.</p>
                  <p outputclass="List2"> (2) An <xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-688838890-427448089&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src="
                  format="html"
                  scope="external">aircraft</xref> owned by the Government and operated by any<xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-991716523-365988909&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src=title:49:subtitle:VII:part:A:subpart:i:chapter:401:section:40102"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"> person </xref>for purposes related to crew training,
                        equipment development, or demonstration, except as provided in paragraph (7)
                        of this definition.</p>
                  <p outputclass="List2"> (3) An <xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-688838890-427448089&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src="
                  format="html"
                  scope="external">aircraft</xref> owned and operated by the government of a
                        State, the District of Columbia, or a territory or possession of the <xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-2032517217-365988879&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src="
                  format="html"
                  scope="external">United States</xref> or a political subdivision of one of
                        these governments, except as provided in paragraph (7) of this
                        definition.</p>
                  <p outputclass="List2"> (4) An <xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-688838890-427448089&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src="
                  format="html"
                  scope="external">aircraft</xref> exclusively leased for at least 90
                        continuous days by the government of a State, the District of Columbia, or a
                        territory or possession of the <xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-2032517217-365988879&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src="
                  format="html"
                  scope="external">United States</xref> or a political subdivision of one of
                        these governments, except as provided in paragraph (7) of this
                        definition.</p>
                  <p outputclass="List2"> (5) An <xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-688838890-427448089&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src="
                  format="html"
                  scope="external">aircraft</xref> owned or operated by the armed forces or
                        chartered to provide transportation or <xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-1189179673-365988884&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src=title:49:subtitle:VII:part:A:subpart:i:chapter:401:section:40102"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external">other commercial air service</xref> to the armed forces
                        under the conditions specified by 49 U.S.C. 40125(c). In the preceding
                        sentence, the term “<xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-1189179673-365988884&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src=title:49:subtitle:VII:part:A:subpart:i:chapter:401:section:40102"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external">other commercial air service</xref>” means an<xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-688838890-427448089&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src="
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"> aircraft </xref>operation that—</p>
                  <p outputclass="List3"> (i) Is within the<xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-2032517217-365988879&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src="
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"> United States </xref>territorial airspace;</p>
                  <p outputclass="List3"> (ii) The Administrator of the Federal Aviation
                        Administration determines is available for compensation or hire to the
                        public; and</p>
                  <p outputclass="List3"> (iii) Must comply with all applicable<xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-950857379-365988972&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src="
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"> civil aircraft </xref>rules under title 14, Code of
                        Federal Regulations.</p>
                  <p outputclass="List2"> (6) An unmanned <xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-688838890-427448089&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src="
                  format="html"
                  scope="external">aircraft</xref> that is owned and operated by, or
                        exclusively leased for at least 90 continuous days by, an Indian Tribal
                        government, as defined in section 102 of the <xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/topn/disaster_relief_act_of_1974"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external">Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance
                        Act</xref> (<xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/42/5122"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external">42 U.S.C. 5122</xref>), except as provided in paragraph (7)
                        of this definition.</p>
                  <p outputclass="List2"> (7) As described in 49 U.S.C. 40125(b), an <xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-688838890-427448089&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src=title:49:subtitle:VII:part:A:subpart:i:chapter:401:section:40125"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external">aircraft</xref> described in paragraph (1), (2), (3), or
                        (4) of this definition does not qualify as a<xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-19462893-365988884&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src=title:49:subtitle:VII:part:A:subpart:i:chapter:401:section:40125"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"> public aircraft </xref>in situations where the<xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-688838890-427448089&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src=title:49:subtitle:VII:part:A:subpart:i:chapter:401:section:40125"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"> aircraft </xref>is used for<xref href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/definitions/uscode.php?width=840&amp;height=800&amp;iframe=true&amp;def_id=49-USC-12198101-367419229&amp;term_occur=999&amp;term_src=title:49:subtitle:VII:part:A:subpart:i:chapter:401:section:40125"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"> commercial purposes </xref>or to carry an individual other
                        than a crew member or a qualified non-crew member.</p>
                  <p> “Public aircraft operation” means operation of
                        an aircraft that meets the legal definition of public aircraft established
                        in 49 U.S.C. 40102(a)(41) and the legal qualifications for public aircraft
                        status outlined in 49 U.S.C. 40125.</p>
                  <p> “State aircraft” means an aircraft operated by
                        the Government for sovereign, noncommercial purposes such as military,
                        customs, and police services. Military aircraft are afforded status as state
                        aircraft. In very rare circumstances, DoD-contracted aircraft may be
                        designated, in writing, by a responsible Government official pursuant to DoD
                        Directive 4500.54E, DoD Foreign Clearance Program, to be operated in state
                        aircraft status, and States may choose to treat them as deemed state
                        aircraft when they are operating under a Government contract.</p>
                  <p> “Workmanship error” means damage to the
                        aircraft that is the result of an incorrectly performed skill-based task,
                        operation, or action that was originally planned or intended.</p>
            </conbody>
      </concept>
</dita>
