<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS_229.402-70"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">229.402-70</ph> Additional provisionsand clauses.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) Use the basic or the alternate
of the clause at 
               <xref href="252.229-7001.dita#DFARS_252.229-7001"
                  base="i1383116"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.229-7001</xref>
            , Tax
Relief, in solicitations and contracts when a contract will be awarded
to a foreign concern for performance in a foreign country.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Use the basic clause in solicitations
and contracts when the contract will be performed in a foreign country
other than Germany.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Use the alternate I clause in solicitations
and contracts when the contract will be performed in Germany.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) Use the clause at 
               <xref href="252.229-7002.dita#DFARS_252.229-7002"
                  base="i1383125"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.229-7002</xref>
            , Customs
Exemptions (Germany), in solicitations and contracts requiring the
import of U.S. manufactured products into Germany.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)(1) Use the clause at 
               <xref href="252.229-7003.dita#DFARS_252.229-7003"
                  base="i1383130"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.229-7003</xref>
            , Tax
Exemptions (Italy), in solicitations and contracts when contract
performance will be in Italy.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Use the provision at 
               <xref href="252.229-7012.dita#DFARS_252.229-7012"
                  base="i1383180"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.229-7012</xref>
            , Tax
Exemptions (Italy)—Representation, in solicitations that contain
the clause at 
               <xref href="252.229-7003.dita#DFARS_252.229-7003"
                  base="i1383130"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.229-7003</xref>
            , Tax
Exemptions (Italy). If the solicitation includes the provision at FAR 52.204-7, do not separately list 
               <xref href="252.229-7012.dita#DFARS_252.229-7012"
                  base="i1383180"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.229-7012</xref>
             in the
solicitation.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d) Use the clause at 
               <xref href="252.229-7004.dita#DFARS_252.229-7004"
                  base="i1383136"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.229-7004</xref>
            , Status
of Contractor as a Direct Contractor (Spain), in solicitations and
contracts requiring the import into Spain of supplies for construction,
development, maintenance, or operation of Spanish-American installations
and facilities.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e) (1) Use the clause at 
               <xref href="252.229-7005.dita#DFARS_252.229-7005"
                  base="i1383143"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.229-7005</xref>
            , Tax
Exemptions (Spain), in solicitations and contracts when contract
performance will be in Spain.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Use the provision at 
               <xref href="252.229-7013.dita#DFARS_252.229-7013"
                  base="i1383189"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.229-7013</xref>
            , Tax
Exemptions (Spain)—Representation, in solicitations that contain
the clause at 
               <xref href="252.229-7005.dita#DFARS_252.229-7005"
                  base="i1383143"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.229-7005</xref>
            , Tax
Exemptions (Spain). If the solicitation includes the provision at FAR 52.204-7, do not separately list 
               <xref href="252.229-7013.dita#DFARS_252.229-7013"
                  base="i1383189"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.229-7013</xref>
             in the
solicitation.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(f) Use the clause at 
               <xref href="252.229-7006.dita#DFARS_252.229-7006"
                  base="i1383148"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.229-7006</xref>
            , Value
Added Tax Exclusion (United Kingdom), in solicitations and contracts
when contract performance will be in the United Kingdom.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(g) Use the clause at 
               <xref href="252.229-7007.dita#DFARS_252.229-7007"
                  base="i1383153"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.229-7007</xref>
            , Verification
of United States Receipt of Goods, in solicitations and contracts
when contract performance will be in the United Kingdom.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(h) Use the clause at 
               <xref href="252.229-7008.dita#DFARS_252.229-7008"
                  base="i1383158"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.229-7008</xref>
            , Relief
from Import Duty (United Kingdom), in solicitations issued and contracts
awarded in the United Kingdom.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(i) Use the clause at <xref href="252.229-7009.dita#DFARS_252.229-7009"
                  base="i1383163"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.229-7009</xref> , Relief from Customs Duty and Value Added Tax on Fuel (Passenger Vehicles) (United Kingdom), in solicitations issued and contracts awarded in the United Kingdom for fuels (gasoline or diesel) and lubricants used in passenger vehicles (excluding taxis).</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(j) Use the clause at 
               <xref href="252.229-7010.dita#DFARS_252.229-7010"
                  base="i1383168"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.229-7010</xref>
            , Relief
from Customs Duty on Fuel (United Kingdom), in solicitations issued
and contracts awarded in the United Kingdom that require the use
of fuels (gasoline or diesel) and lubricants in taxis or vehicles
other than passenger vehicles.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1">(k) Use the clause at 252.229-7014, Full Exemption from Two-Percent Excise Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements, in contracts that include the clause at FAR 52.229-12, Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements, when the contractor has— </p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) Represented that it is a foreign person in response to the provision at FAR 52.229-11, Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements—Notice and Representation; and </p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2) Indicated that it is fully exempt from the tax for reasons cited on their IRS Form W-14, Certificate of Foreign Contracting Party Receiving Federal Procurement Payments.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
