<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.225-7055"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">252.225-7055</ph> Representation Regarding         Business Operations with the Maduro Regime.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <xref href="225.7020-5.dita#DFARS_225.7020-5"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">225.7020-5</xref>(a), use the following
            provision:</p>
         <p outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps" class="- topic/p ">REPRESENTATION REGARDING BUSINESS OPERATIONS WITH THE MADURO
            REGIME (MAY 2022)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p "> (a) Definitions. As used in this provision—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p "> Agency or instrumentality of the government of Venezuela, business
            operations, government of Venezuela, and person have the meaning given in the clause
            <xref href="252.225-7056.dita#DFARS_252.225-7056"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">252.225-7056</xref>,
            Prohibition Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime, of this
            solicitation.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p "> (b) Prohibition. In accordance with section 890 of the National
            Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Pub. L. 116-92), DoD is prohibited from
            entering into a contract for the procurement of products or services with any person
            that has business operations with an authority of the government of Venezuela that is
            not recognized as the legitimate government of Venezuela by the U.S. Government, unless
            the person has a valid license to operate in Venezuela issued by the Office of Foreign
            Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p "> (c) Representation. By submission of its offer, the Offeror
            represents that the Offeror is a person that—</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p "> (1) Does not have any business operations with an authority of the
            Maduro regime or the government of Venezuela that is not recognized as the legitimate
            government of Venezuela by the U.S. Government; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p "> (2) Has a valid license to operate in Venezuela issued by the
            Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury. </p>
         <p outputclass="Endofprovision" class="- topic/p ">(End of provision) </p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
