<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_253.219-70"
            outputclass="4"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 253.219-70</ph> DD Form 2579,Small Business Coordination Record.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) Use the DD Form 2579 as prescribed in DFARS <xref href="219.201.dita#DFARS_219.201"
                  base="DFARS-219.201"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  xtrc="219.201">219.201</xref>
            (c)(10)(B).</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">General instructions.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) The Contracting Officer is responsible
for the coordination and completion of the form.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Coordination on this form is not required
when the agency will satisfy a requirement through the use of a
mandatory source listed at FAR
8.002 or FAR 8.003.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Specific instructions for completion
of DD Form 2579.</i>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) BLOCK 1—CONTROL NO. Reserved for use
by the Small Business Professional to create a unique identification number
for each coordination record.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) BLOCK 2—PURCHASE REQUEST/REQUISITION
NO. Locally assigned purchase request/requisition number.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) BLOCK 3—TOTAL ESTIMATED VALUE. Enter
the total estimated value for the acquisition, including all options. For
multiple award task or delivery order contracts, enter the total
estimated value of the entire acquisition including all orders expected
to be awarded.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) BLOCKS 4a and 4b:</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Block 4a—PROCUREMENT INSTRUMENT IDENTIFIER
(PIID). Enter the PIID assigned to the solicitation, contract, or
order in Block 4a. (FAR 4.1601, DFARS <xref href="204.1601.dita#DFARS_204.1601"
                  base="DFARS-204.1601"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  xtrc="204.1601">204.1601</xref>).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Block 4b—INDEFINITE DELIVERY VEHICLE
(IDV) PIID. If applicable, enter the PIID assigned to the IDV against
which the solicitation or order identified in Block 4a is issued.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5) BLOCK 5—MODIFICATION/AMENDMENT NUMBER
(MOD/AMDMT No.). Enter the contract or order modification number
or solicitation amendment number. (FAR 4.1601, DFARS <xref href="204.1601.dita#DFARS_204.1601"
                  base="DFARS-204.1601"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  xtrc="204.1601">204.1601</xref>).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6) BLOCKS 6a through 6e—CONTRACTING OFFICER
NAME, DOD ACTIVITY ADDRESS CODE (DODAAC), OFFICE SYMBOL, EMAIL ADDRESS,
PHONE NO. Enter the appropriate information in Blocks 6a through
6e.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(7) BLOCKS 7a through 7d:</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) BLOCK 7a—ITEM and/or SERVICE DESCRIPTION.
Enter description of planned acquisition, including quantity, unique
delivery requirements, and other descriptors. For services, include
the type of service and place of performance, and attach a copy
of the Performance Work Statement (PWS), Statement of Work (SOW),
Statement of Objectives (SOO), or other specifications and statements
as appropriate.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) BLOCK 7b—PRODUCT OR SERVICE CODE (PSC).
For the Product and Service Codes Manual, go to http://acquisition.gov.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) BLOCK 7c—NORTH AMERICAN INDUSTRY
CLASSIFICATION (NAICS) CODE. For the NAICS codes and definitions,
go to http://www.census.gov/eos/www/naics.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) BLOCK 7d—SMALL BUSINESS SIZE STANDARD.
For the applicable small business size standard, go to http://www.sba.gov/content/table-small-business-size-standards.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(8) BLOCK 8—PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE/DELIVERY
DATES. Enter the estimated beginning and end dates.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(9) BLOCK 9—PURPOSE OF COORDINATION. Check
one box indicating the purpose of the action being reviewed: Initial
Coordination, Withdrawal (see FAR 19.506), or a Change to the
form. Note: Any significant change in the acquisition strategy or
plan described on this form will require reevaluation by the Small
Business Professional and the Small Business Administration (SBA)
Procurement Center Representative (PCR), if applicable.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(10) BLOCKS 10a through 10j—RECOMMENDATION.
Check all that apply, e.g., a small business set-aside could also be
a multiple-award. For Blocks 10c through 10d, attach justification
if applicable in accordance with FAR 19.1306(a), and 19.1406(a),
respectively.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(11) BLOCKS 11a through 11c:</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) BLOCK 11a—ACQUISITION PLAN/MARKET RESEARCH.
Attach the written acquisition plan (FAR 7.104(d)), if required,
and the results of market research, including any resulting justification
and approval (FAR 6.3) or sole source/brand name justification (FAR 13.106 or 13.501).
Include findings that demonstrate efforts to locate qualified small
business sources e.g., sources sought (FAR 5.205), requests for information
synopses, or waivers to the nonmanufacturer rule (FAR 19.5) and
attach additional pages as necessary).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) BLOCK 11b—SYNOPSIS REQUIRED. Check
“Yes” or “No.” If “No,” provide explanation and the exception under FAR 5.202, if applicable.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) BLOCK 11c—SMALL BUSINESS PROGRESS
PAYMENTS. Check “Yes” or “No” (DFARS <xref href="232.501-1.dita#DFARS_232.501-1"
                  base="DFARS-232.501-1"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  xtrc="232.501-1">232.501-1</xref>(a)).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(12) BLOCK 12—CONSOLIDATED OR BUNDLED.
Select either “Consolidated” or “Bundled,” and check “Yes” or “No”
for each. If “Yes,” attach required documentation for consolidation
or bundling (FAR 7.107).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(13) BLOCK 13—SUBCONTRACTING PLAN REQUIRED.
Check “Yes” or “No.” For recommendations 10g, 10h, or 10i, or if
Block 12 recommendation is “Yes,” specify actions that will be taken
to maximize small business participation. Consider requirements
of FAR 19.7, acquisition
history, anticipated subcontracting goals, market research to identify
small business capability at the subcontract level, source selection
evaluation factor for small business utilization (DFARS 
               <xref href="PGI_215.304.dita#DFARS_PGI_215.304"
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_215.304"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  xtrc="215.304">215.304</xref>
            , <xref href="215.305.dita#DFARS_215.305"
                  base="DFARS-215.305"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  xtrc="215.305">215.305</xref>), incentives,
contract performance metrics, etc. State detailed objectives for
subcontract (attach additional pages as necessary).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(14) BLOCKS 14a through 14c—ACQUISITION
HISTORY:</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) BLOCK 14a—NEW REQUIREMENT. Check “Yes”
or “No” and follow the applicable guidance for each selection.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) BLOCK 14b—PREVIOUSLY CONSOLIDATED
OR BUNDLED. Check “Yes” or “No” for each. If “Yes,” attach required
documentation for previous acquisition.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">(See FAR 7.107.)</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) BLOCK 14c—DETAILS OF PREVIOUS AWARD(S).
For each contractor that received an award for any portion of the
immediately preceding acquisition, include the following information—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">—Name and CAGE code.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">—Small business socioeconomic categories of the awardee.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">—PIID.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">—NAICS code and size standard.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">—Contract type.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">—Period of performance.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">—Total contract value.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">—Subcontracting History. (Small business subcontracting goal
achievement (CPARS and eSRS data) and any additional small business
utilization requirements included in the contract resulting from
a source selection factor used when making the previous contract
award.)</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(15) BLOCK 15a through 15d—CONTRACTING
OFFICER SIGNATURE. Complete 15a through 15d. Digital signature is
desired.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(16) BLOCKS 16 through 16f—SMALL BUSINESS
PROFESSIONAL/SMALL BUSINESS DIRECTOR REVIEW. Complete 16 through
16f. Digital signature is desired. If “non-concur”<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i "/> is checked,
attach rationale or include in Block 16f, along with any other remarks.
Block 16e must be completed when any of the conditions in FAR 19.202-1(e)
applies to indicate when the acquisition package was provided to
the Small Business Administration (SBA).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(17) BLOCKS 17 through 17e—SBA PROCUREMENT
CENTER REPRESENTATIVE (PCR) REVIEW. Complete 17 through 17e (see FAR 19.402(a) when
a PCR is not assigned to the contracting activity or administration
office). Digital signature is desired. If “non-concur” is checked,
the PCR shall attach rationale and recommendations or include in Block
17e, along with any other remarks (see FAR 19.402).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(18) BLOCKS 18 through18c—CONTRACTING OFFICER
REVIEW. The Contracting Officer shall complete this block if the
Small Business Professional and/or the SBA PCR have “non-concurred”
in Blocks 16 and 17. Block 18c shall include the Contracting Officer’s
rationale for decision. Send copies of the completed form to the
Small Business Professional and the SBA PCR within 5 working days
if rejecting the PCR’s recommendation, in accordance with FAR 19.505.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p "/>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p "/>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
