<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_246.472"
            outputclass="3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 246.472</ph> Inspection stamping.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)(i)  There are two DoD quality inspection approval marking designs (stamps).  </p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  Both stamps are used—</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(1)</i>  Only by, or under the direct supervision of, the Government representative; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(2)</i>  For both prime and subcontracts.</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  The designs of the two stamps and the differences in their uses are—</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(1)</i>
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Partial (Circle) Inspection Approval Stamp</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(i)</i>  This circular stamp is used to identify material inspected for conformance to only a portion of the contract quality requirements.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(ii)</i>  Further inspection is to be performed at another time and/or place.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(iii)</i>  Material not inspected is so listed on the associated DD Form 250 (Material Inspection and Receiving Report), packing list, or comparable document.</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(2)</i>
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Complete (Square) Inspection Approval Stamp</i>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(i)</i>  This square stamp is used to identify material completely inspected for all contract quality requirements at source.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(ii)</i>  The material satisfies all contract quality requirements and is in complete conformance with all contract quality requirements applicable at the time and place of inspection.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(iii)</i>  Complete inspection approval establishes that material that once was partially approved has subsequently been completely approved.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(iv)</i>  One imprint of the square stamp voids multiple imprints of the circle stamp.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  The marking of each item is neither required nor prohibited.  Ordinarily, the stamping of shipping containers, packing lists, or routing tickets serves to adequately indicate the status of the material and to control or facilitate its movement.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii)  Stamping material does not mean that it has been accepted by the Government.  Evidence of acceptance is ordinarily a signed acceptance certificate on the DD Form 250, Material Inspection and Receiving Report.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
