<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept id="DFARS_225.7017-3" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">225.7017-3</ph> Exceptions.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">DoD requires the contractor to utilize domestic photovoltaic
devices in covered contracts that exceed the simplified acquisition
threshold, with the following exceptions:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1">(a) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Qualifying country.</i>Qualifying
country photovoltaic devices may be utilized in any covered contract,
because <xref href="225.103.dita#DFARS_225.103"
                  base="DFARS-225.103"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">225.103</xref> (a)(i)(A) provides
an exception to the Buy American statute for products of qualifying
countries, as defined in <xref href="225.003.dita#DFARS_225.003"
                  base="DFARS-225.003"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">225.003</xref> . </p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1"> (b) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Buy American—unreasonable cost.</i> For a covered contract that utilizes photovoltaic devices valued at less than $174,000, the exception for unreasonable cost may apply (see FAR 25.103(c)). If the cost of a foreign photovoltaic device plus 50 percent is less than the cost of a domestic photovoltaic device, then the foreign photovoltaic device may be utilized.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1">(c) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Trade agreements.</i>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> (1) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Free Trade Agreements. </i>For a covered contract that utilizes photovoltaic devices , photovoltaic devices may be utilized from a country covered under the acquisition by a Free Trade Agreement, depending upon dollar threshold (see FAR subpart 25.4).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2"> (2) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">World Trade Organization—Government Procurement Agreement</i>. For covered contracts that utilize photovoltaic devices that are valued at $174,000 or more, only U.S.-made photovoltaic devices, designated country photovoltaic devices, or qualifying country photovoltaic devices may be utilized.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
