<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_242.002"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">242.002</ph> Interagency agreements.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)(i)  DoD requires reimbursement, at a rate set by the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller/Chief Financial Officer), from non-DoD organizations, except for—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  Quality assurance, contract administration, and audit services provided under a no-charge reciprocal agreement;</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  Services performed under subcontracts awarded by the Small Business Administration under FAR Subpart 19.8; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C)  Quality assurance performed for the Canadian Department of National Defence and pricing services performed for Public Works and Government Services Canada (PWGSC), operating as Public Services and Procurement Canada (PSPC).</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  Departments and agencies may request an exception from the reimbursement policy in paragraph (b)(i) of this section from the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller/Chief Financial Officer).  A request must show that an exception is in the best interest of the Government.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii)  Departments and agencies must pay for services performed by non-DoD activities, foreign governments, or international organizations, unless otherwise provided by reciprocal agreements.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(S-70)(i)  Foreign governments and international organizations may request contract administration services on their direct purchases from U.S. producers.  Direct purchase is the purchase of defense supplies in the United States through commercial channels for use by the foreign government or international organization.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  PWGSC, operating as PSPC, is permitted to submit its requests for contract administration services directly to the cognizant contract administration office.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii)  Other foreign governments (including Canadian government organizations other than PSPC and international organizations send their requests for contract administration services to the DoD Central Control Point (CCP) at the Headquarters, Defense Contract Management Agency, International and Federal Business Team.  Contract administration offices provide services only upon request from the CCP.  The CCP shall follow the procedures at PGI 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="DFARS-PGI_PGI_242.002"
                  href="PGI_242.002.dita#DFARS_PGI_242.002"
                  xtrc="242.002">242.002</xref>
            (S-70)(iii).</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
