<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_252.204-7024"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title id="AiwrFe" class="- topic/title "> 
         <ph props="autonumber">252.204-7024</ph> Notice on the Use of the Supplier Performance Risk
         System. </title>
      <conbody id="8N3Gfo" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p>As prescribed in 204.7604, use the following provision . </p>
         <p outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">NOTICE ON THE USE OF THE SUPPLIER PERFORMANCE RISK SYSTEM (MAR 2023)</p>
         <p outputclass="List1"> (a) <i>Definitions.</i> As used in this provision—</p>
         <p> “Item risk” means the probability that a product, based on intended use, will introduce
            performance risk resulting in safety issues, mission degradation, or monetary loss.</p>
         <p> “Price risk” means a measure of whether a proposed price for a product or service is
            consistent with historical prices paid for that item or service.</p>
         <p> “Supplier risk” means the probability that an award may subject the procurement to the
            risk of unsuccessful performance or to supply chain risk (see Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement <xref href="239.7301.dita#DFARS_239.7301" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">239.7301</xref>).</p>
         <p outputclass="List1"> (b) The Supplier Performance Risk System (SPRS), available at <xref href="https://piee.eb.mil/" format="html" scope="external"/>, will be used in the evaluation of the Quoter or Offeror’s performance. SPRS retrieves item, price,
            quality, delivery, and contractor information on contracts from Government reporting systems in order to develop risk
            assessments.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1"> (c) The Contracting Officer will consider SPRS risk assessments during the evaluation of
            quotations or offers received in response to this solicitation as follows:</p>
         <p outputclass="List2"> (1) Item risk will be considered to determine whether the procurement represents a high
            performance risk to the Government.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2"> (2) Price risk will be considered in determining if a proposed price is consistent with
            historical prices paid for a product or a service or otherwise creates a risk to the Government.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2"> (3) Supplier risk, including but not limited to quality and delivery, will be considered
            to assess the risk of unsuccessful performance and supply chain risk.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1"> (d) SPRS risk assessments are generated daily. Quoters or Offerors are able to access
            their risk assessments by following the access instructions in the SPRS user's guide available at <xref href="https://www.sprs.csd.disa.mil/reference.htm"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"/>. Quoters and Offerors are granted access to SPRS for their own risk assessment classifications
            only. SPRS reporting procedures and risk assessment methodology are detailed in the SPRS user's guide. The method to
            challenge a rating generated by SPRS is also provided in the user's guide. SPRS evaluation criteria are available at <xref href="https://www.sprs.csd.disa.mil/pdf/SPRS_DataEvaluationCriteria.pdf"
                  format="pdf"
                  scope="external">https://www.sprs.csd.disa.mil/pdf/SPRS_DataEvaluationCriteria.pdf</xref>.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1"> (e) The Contracting Officer may consider any other available and relevant information
            when evaluating a quotation or an offer.</p>
         <p outputclass="Endofprovision">(End of provision)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
