<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="id2064F0S0NLG"
            outputclass="3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">F-101</ph> General.</title>
      <conbody id="i1003865" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) This appendix contains procedures and instructions for the use, preparation, and distribution of the Wide Area Work Flow (WAWF) Receiving Report (RR), WAWF Reparable Receiving Report (WAWF RRR), the WAWF Energy RR, and commercial shipping/packing lists used to document Government contract quality assurance. The WAWF RR is the electronic equivalent of the DD Form 250, Material Inspection and Receiving Report (MIRR). The WAWF Energy RR is the electronic equivalent of the DD Form 250 for overland shipments and DD Form 250-1, Tanker/Barge Material Inspection and Receiving Report, for waterborne shipments. The WAWF RRR is the electronic equivalent of the DD Form 250 for repair, maintenance, or overhaul of Government-furnished property.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) The use of the DD Form 250 series documents is on an exception basis (see DFARS (a)) because use of the WAWF RR is now required by most DoD contracts. WAWF provides for electronic preparation and documentation of acceptance of supplies and services, and electronic invoicing. In addition WAWF allows the printing of a RR that can be used as a packing list or when a signed copy is required.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
