<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_242.302"
            outputclass="3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 242.302</ph> Contract administration functions.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1">(a)(13)(B)<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(1)</i>  For contracts assigned to DCMA for contract administration, designate as the payment office—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">
            <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List6"> (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">i</i>) The cognizant Defense Finance and Accounting Service (DFAS) payment office as specified in the Federal Directory of Contract Administration Services Components, available at 
                  <xref href="https://piee.eb.mil/pcm/xhtml/unauth/index.xhtml"
                     format="html"
                     scope="external"
                     class="- topic/xref ">https://piee.eb.mil/pcm/xhtml/unauth/index.xhtml</xref>
               , for contracts funded with DoD funds;</p>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p "> 
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(ii)</i> The department or agency payment office, if authorized by defense financial management regulations or if the contract is funded with non-DoD funds; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List6" class="- topic/p "> 
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(iii)</i> Multiple payment offices under paragraphs (a)(13)(B)<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(1)(i)</i> and <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(ii)</i> of this section, if the contract is funded with both DoD and non-DoD funds.</p>
         <p outputclass="List5" class="- topic/p "> 
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(2)</i> For contracts not assigned to DCMA, select a payment office or offices under department/agency procedures.</p>
         <p outputclass="List5" class="- topic/p ">
             (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">3</i>) When the Governmentwide commercial purchase card is the method of payment for a contract or order, enter “CRCARD” in the payment office code block.
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(56) Assignment of a Government flight representative (GFR) may require execution of a secondary contract administration delegation, which is used to transfer contract administration responsibilities (see FAR <xref scope="external"
                  format="html"
                  href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/42.302"
                  class="- topic/xref ">42.302</xref>(a)) from one contract administration office to another office or command. Secondary contract administration delegations are appropriate when, for example, contract work is performed at locations geographically separated from the contract administration office. In lieu of transferring contract administration responsibility through a secondary contract administration delegation, a GFR from one unit may be delegated GFR responsibility from an outside contract administration organization that has retained contract administration responsibility. This is accomplished through the use of a formal letter of agreement functionally assigning the GFR to the outside contract administration organization for the limited purpose of performing contract administration under FAR <xref scope="external"
                  format="html"
                  href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/42.302"
                  class="- topic/xref ">42.302</xref>(a)(56).</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
