<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   "
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <concept id="DFARS_PGI_PGI_253.208-2"
            outputclass="4"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 253.208-2</ph> DD Form 448-2, Acceptance of MIPR.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)  Use the DD Form 448-2 as prescribed in PGI 
               <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="i1495348"
                  href="PGI_208.70.dita#i1495348">208.70</xref>
            .</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b)  Instructions for completion of DD Form 448-2.  (Complete only the applicable blocks.)</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1)  BLOCK 6.  Check the specific terms under which the MIPR is being accepted.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2)  BLOCK 7.  If any one of the MIPR line items is not accepted, check Block 7 and record the affected MIPR line item number and reason in Block 13.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3)  BLOCKS 8 AND 9.  Use Blocks 8 and 9 only—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  When Block 6c acceptance is indicated (indicate the MIPR line item numbers that will be provided under each method of financing in Blocks 8a and 9a, respectively); or</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  If quantities or estimated costs cited in a MIPR require adjustment (list the affected MIPR line item numbers together with the adjusted quantities or estimated costs in the columns provided under Blocks 8 and 9, as appropriate).</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4)  BLOCK 10.  Whenever a MIPR is accepted in part or in total under Category II funding, forecast the estimated date of contract award.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5)  BLOCK 11.  Enter the total amount of funds required to fund the MIPR items, as accepted.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6)  BLOCK 12.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  Complete this block only in those cases where the amount recorded in Block 11 is not in agreement with the amount recorded in Block 5.  This will serve either—</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A)  As a request to the requiring department to issue a MIPR amendment to provide the additional funds; or</p>
         <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B)  Authority for the requiring department to withdraw the available excess funds.</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  When funds of two or more appropriations are involved, provide proper breakdown information in Block 13.</p>
         <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(7)  BLOCK 13.  Use this block to record—</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)  Justification, by MIPR line item, for any additional funds required;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii)  Explanation for rejection of MIPR whether in part or in total;</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii)  Appropriation and subhead data cited on the MIPR; and</p>
         <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv)  Other pertinent data.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c)  Complete a DD Form 448-2 for all MIPR amendments involving an adjustment of funds or delivery schedule, or if requested by the requiring department.</p>
         <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d)  Unless otherwise agreed, provide the requiring department an original and three copies of each DD Form 448-2.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
